relationship_advice "My girlfriend's (F21) friends do not respect me(M23), especially one guy(M21) I (23M) have a 3yr long relationship with my girlfriend (21F) I can't stand her friends. I hate them in any shape or form. They have zero respect for me, especially one guy, and for privacy purposes let's name him Jacob.

My girlfriend and I met in high school, and in high school, I was friends with her friends including Jacob. I remember when I was friends with Jacob how he told me he found my girlfriend hot and how he liked her legs. And I remember when my girlfriend told me (before we were dating) that she would make up with Jacob. Fast forward 3 years, and they are both in college, with another girl and a guy, in the same major and with the same classes every day. If my girlfriend doesn't have a ride Jacbo drives her, and he has to drive 40 minutes extra to get her home. My girlfriend tells me he is her best friend, he has no interest and she always tells me all about the girls he is dating, but always says ""none of the girls likes her, and she doesn't like Jacob's girlfriends"".

My girlfriend's friends are super rich, they have never worked for anything in their lives. Jacob has a new Mercedez and uses his dad's credit card to pay for everything.

Jacob has 0 respect for me, absolutely 0. One time I did a party at MY HOUSE and my friends I and were smoking a joint, he yelled ""smells like ass, put it out"" my girlfriend just shushed him and that was it. Another time I was struggling to get to the end of the month because of some unexpected expenses I had. I had only 20 dollars in my name. My GF and I were at a dinner party together, and the 20 dollar bill fell out of my pocket, Jacob picked it up and said ""here, don't lose it since that's all you have"" my GF just laughed. On my GF's birthday, we went to a club, I was trying to have a good time, dancing and drinking, and Jacob laughed at me and my friends. The list goes on and on.

Every time I talk about Jacob with my girlfriend about his attitude and how he acts around me and my friends she just says ""That is just the way he is"" 

What do you think I should do? Because it is a non-stop fight with her, I can not complain about Jacob because she will always defend him. She says is her best friend and trusts him with everything and that Jacob has never tried anything neither has my girlfriend.

&amp;#x200B;

Tl;dr My girlfriend's friends, especially one guy have no respect for me. I don't know what to do since I don't her to cut friendships for me."
relationship_advice "I messed up.. and actually truly regret it.. M26 F38 I messed up.. and truly regret this.. gf F(38) me M(26)

Give me some advice, I messed up, and truly regret it from the heart..

My gf and I have been dating for
About 2 months.. but we’ve been talking long distance for almost 2 years.. shes extremely over weight but I fell in love with her over the phone..

So we met 2 months ago.. and so far its beautiful.. peaceful.. and smooth.. but shes extremely overweight.. probably almost 280-300pounds.. 5ft 3 

It bothered me.. but for some reason I looked past it and thought, “thats fine shes already planning on getting healthy with me..” but shes slacking bad and hasnt been trying that much…

Anyways.. I allowed it to bother me too much and told her that everything about us was 100% great.. except our physical attraction… and that I didnt feel too much physical attraction towards her and that it was the only thing we had to work on..literally what I told her.. and that I want both of us to get fit..

She hates me right now… its been about 3 days.. broke up.. but she still replies to me.. and answers the phone at times.. less and less now.. and I can hear the hate in her voice.. I may have… actually broke her heart.. which actually fxxked mine up pretty bad… (wow.. I truly didn’t realize how much I really was into her..) (sigh..) I feel like I lost her.. and.. 

I regret it from the bottom of my heart… I love her… and everything about her.. but my selfish.. immature self thought I had to be stern and strict on that matter… as crazy as it sounds.. the thought of losing her actually made me realize how much I actually crave her.. in EVERY aspect.. but I couldn’t see it before that.. maybe I didnt appreciate the type of woman I had? 

I may of of just made the biggest mistake ever… I truly do love her… I explained to her that I actually truly crave her.. in every aspect.. I drilled it in her brain actually.. and I let her know I mean this from the heart.. will she come back around? … or do you guys think shes done? Just curious as to other opinions and advice."
relationship_advice "My situationship (25M) and I (23F) are so confusing and I don’t know how to go about our situation anymore. (We’ve been seeing each other for about 4 months now) Background: I met this guy through my friend in October. We met at a Halloween party and we slept together the first night we met. I usually don’t do this, but I felt a connection with him right off the bat. Also, it’s important to note that I just got out of a two year long relationship in June, but I am trying to put myself out there again.

We continued to hang out after the first hookup and in all honesty I wasn’t expecting that. But it turns out we have such a crazy connection and the passion is there 100%. All we usually do is message each other all day and hookup at his place. One issue I have is that we really do not have much in common. He has very different political views as me and we have gotten in little disagreements about that. It bothers me, but at the end of the day our relationship has only been hookups and nothing else. We’ve had discussions about us and we established a while back that this relationship is going to be casual and we are not going to date each other. I am not mentally ready to have a serious relationship yet and we don’t really align enough to be in a relationship anyway.

The main problem I have now is that recently, both of us caught feelings for each other. We have no commitment to each other, yet we both get upset when the other person is talking to other people. We have talked about that and we both agree that what we have is really confusing. We both think it’s a bad idea to actually be together because we are in different places in our lives. The only thing we have in our relationship is the undeniable chemistry in the bedroom… Even though I am aware of all the good and bad parts of our situation, I still can’t stop thinking about him and our chemistry.

In the past few weeks, he told me that we should stop hooking up because it’s making things harder… He would go a few days or so without talking to me at all and then hit me up. We would start talking again and then we would hookup again. We would spend the morning together and it would be like we were a couple. We’ve also called each other when we’re drunk and went home together after not talking all day. He always goes back to not talking to me after we hookup. He tells me that we shouldn’t be doing this and that we’re better than this. It’s been a cycle of this for the last month.

As of right now, we haven’t had any communication whatsoever for a couple weeks now. He seems serious about us not talking anymore this time, but I just don’t know. We always go back to hooking up. Do I leave it be? Do I message him? This is so frustrating because I still like him despite all the ups and downs and I still would be down to hook up… I just don’t understand what is going through his mind and I am confused about what to do."
relationship_advice "My (30f) boyfriend (30m) wants to move in but doesnt know if he wants to marry me - what should i do? I'm confused. I'm F30 and he's M30. We've been together for 2 years, about half of it long distance (still long distance). After i  confronted him with ""where this relationship is going"", he said that the next step for us is to move in together, he sees it as a test before marriage to make sure we cohabitate well. He also said that he wants to get married in the future (in general) but wants to live together first before he can tell for sure he would marry me. We'd have to be long distance for another year till he finishes school, and after that I'd have to move to his city because he doesn't get to choose his location in his career at first. He does see me as a lifetime partner - whatever that means, but he says it means a lot to him. How can I understand this situation better and drive the discussion?"
relationship_advice "I'm (19F) jealous with my boyfriend's (20M) sister. This might come out weird but Im jealous with my boyfriend's sister. My boyfriend, his sister, and I live in 3 different countries. I have never met her before; my boyfriend and I met when I visit a relative. He has to live far away from his family and he loves them, especially his younger sister, so he talks about her a lot. He can even link our normal conversations to her, explains how he loves her, she's his baby, he wants to hug her, tell me the reasons behind the nickname he gave her, send videos of her when she was a child etc.

At first I was fine with it, even replied with ""she's my baby as well"" or things like that so the conversation wont be dead, its more like a polite gesture. I know that we havent been dating long enough but he saying ""no, she is my baby not yours"" really hurts me. I feel like an outsider in his life. Since then I start to feel annoyed anytime he talks about her. Im even more annoyed with her after my boyfriend tell me that his family hates me. They think I'm just trying to get a green card (Im live in a developing country in asia while they are european). 

I want to talk to my boyfriend but I dont want him to think Im nuts because why would I feel annoyed about his sister, its just not normal at all. What do you guys think about my case? Is this jealousy and are there any legit reasons for it?"
relationship_advice "I (25m) haven’t been thinking logically lately when it comes to (23f) who has a boyfriend and I feel guilty. A few weeks ago “Hannah” and I were at a party just the vibe and the closeness just felt different. Ever since the party we hang out during the weekend like going to breakfast or lunch during that time we have deep conversations. I feel guilty because the sexual tension between us and I normally don’t go after girls who have boyfriends but this girl I can’t shake the feelings that I’m having ( I’m thinking with my dick if I’m being honest). I need help stopping the way I feel about her and just stopping things before it goes to far. I don’t want to be a home wrecker. I know the right thing to do is to stop talking to her/ hanging out with her it’s like I can’t help myself."
relationship_advice "is my(37f) husband(37m) in the closet? Talking with my(37f) husband(37m) 'Kevin' he mentioned that he had tried his own.. well you know what after finishing before. He does have a lot of odd quirks where intimacy or sex is involved but he said it's normal all guys have done it at least once. To me this is not true, is this a sign that he is in the closet or is this something every guy does, even just once?"
relationship_advice "I (M18) started talking with a girl (18F) who was interested first and now it’s like I don’t exist I recently met a girl (who we will call A) who transferred into a few of my classes. She had a boyfriend of almost a year at the time and didn’t talk much to me. Although one day I noticed she became way more talkative and would ask me dumb or random questions and she would say things like “I would have reminded you about (club meeting I forgot) but I don’t have your number” so I asked for her number so she could help remind me I didn’t think anything of it. Then she started trying to strike conversation by sending photos of herself doing something we talked about in class. I thought it was strange since I had thought she had a boyfriend at the time but I kept talking with her but I was as dry as possible. Although she kept pushing double and even triple texting throughout the day if i didn’t respond. It got to the point where one day in class her friend wrote a phone number on A’s arm and then wrote my name under the number. She got really embarrassed and refused to show me what was on her arm but met up with me after class and showed me what her friend had wrote and we both laughed it off. Another day she asked if I could tutor her for math. I said yes and we spent our free period together telling stories laughing and having fun. Then we started texting more and more and had good conversations and I eventually asked her “Do you still have that number on your arm? Bc if you had a boyfriend he would probably have some questions” and she said “If I did I wouldn’t have let my friend write it on my arm!” I took that as a good sign and so I said night since it was late and we could talk tomorrow. The next day after class, I thought what the hell I’m going to ask her out before some other guy does. So I did. And she said “I’m kinda busy this weekend but I can text you all about it later” and so I didn’t really know what that meant and I thought I could find out by what she said later. She texted me later and said “I really am busy this weekend but also I don’t think it’s a good idea to hang out with someone so soon after my breakup :(“ So I wrote back saying I understood and should’ve thought about that but that I still wanted to get closer to her until she was ready. She immediately went right back to how we had been talking flirty, joking and replying instantly. Then the next day, I learned that people had found out who I was talking with (I go to an extremely small school) after I let it slip that I was talking to someone when one of my friends asked if I had a thing for a girl whose party I was going to (which I said I didn’t because I was talking to A). That day she still came up to me and talked with me and later I texted her a compliment about her hair I was going to give her earlier but her friend came around. She said thank you and kept talking about how she was nervous about wearing it that way and I said she shouldn’t be nervous about it. Then nothing. Absolutely nothing. Then over the weekend I got sent a photo of her with another guy from someone I knew at my school. The guy in the photo wasn’t her ex. All I am wondering is: Why? Why would she show so much interest in me only to say no when I asked her out? And why would she immediately go out with another guy after what she said? So far this week in all of my classes she has been completely ignoring me. It’s like I’m not even there. Has she lost all her feelings or is she just trying to ignore them and using the other guy as a rebound? (Yes I know this option is mostly cope but still) This is the most tangled I’ve  been in a talking stage and have no idea what is happening.

Note: If you read all of that - props. It was a long read

TLDR: Girl liked me first said she was busy when I asked her out but kept texting me and being extremely flirty then I got ghosted and sent a photo of her with another guy a few days later."
relationship_advice "I(23M) ruined Valentine's Day for my(24F) crush. I have her Birthday next what should I do? I screwed up. On couch.

My plan for the weekend is to have dinner on her birthday and then come back late to open presents and snack on a few things.

I think I might modify it and do movie, dinner, and then go home for presents. So movie at 3:00pm-5:00pm. We get dressed and ready for dinner at 8:30 kind of late eat and surprise her with a decorated apartment.

The problem is for Friday and Saturday I want to go to a hotel so we can explore the city and not have to run around so much. However, if we go to the art museum she loves art. We might have to go back to my apartment to get our luggage and change.

I just want a great weekend for her.

Maybe:
Day 1:
Movie
Dinner
Party at home

Day 2:
Cool Cafe
Art museum 
Hotel overlooking city+room service

Day 3:
Hotel enjoyment(having fun sleeping in and eating breakfast at the hotel)
We go downtown shop or comedy show?
1 more dinner? 

For Day 1 should I surprise her with the room last or not?"
relationship_advice "I (21F) Don't Know If I Should Stay With My (23M) Fiance. Me (21F) and my fiance (23M) have been together for almost 3 years. When we first started dating he had a convienence store job in another state. After a few months of dating he moved in with his brother to a closer state and we were doing long distance. In the year or so that he lived there he did not have a job, nor has he ever had his driver license because he is afraid to drive (which might not be the real excuse). Anyways, we have been living together for about a year and a half. In the span of that time he has had 3 different jobs that have lasted him less than 4 months each. I will also mention that he has aspergers, though I am not sure if that his keeping him from getting a job. For several months I am have been only one providing income for the two of us, this means paying all of the bills, getting everything for my car, food, and sometimes even things for his game. He has off and on had help from his brother where he would help him and his brother would in return give us grocery money or something similar. I am making barely more than minimum wage and have even recently gotten my hours cut and have been having to borrow money from my upcoming paychecks to have enough for basic necessitites. I'm not sure how much effort he is actually putting into finding a job, though he has put no effort in trying to get his drivers license. He also has not put much effort into doing basic house chores while I am at work.
Should I stay with this guy? Any advice would be great!"
relationship_advice "I (19f) started a medication last fall that severely inhibits my ability to feel sexual pleasure and my partner (18m) is very frustrated by it I knew that starting this medication would reduce my libido, but it’s at the point where I can’t even masturbate anymore because I don’t feel anything. I told my boyfriend of 2 years that this medication would help my mental health and anxiety immensely, but I wouldn’t want to have sex as often. He seemed okay with this at first, but now it seems like we have to talk about it every night. I tell him that I feel no pleasure when we have intercourse, so of course I wouldn’t want to do it as often as much as he does. He tells me that it’s the only aspect of our relationship he’s not satisfied with. It seems like I can never get anywhere, like he doesn’t want to understand where I’m coming from. I tell him I understand that it’s normal to want sex in a relationship, but that I believe my mental well-being and comfort are more important to me than ensuring his sexual pleasure. Just feeling hurt right now and I’m not sure what to do"
relationship_advice "I (28M) don’t know how to disengage from a close friend, coworker (28F) for whom my feelings are taking over I work in an environment where I can't leave, and my boss is the classic narcissistic big shot, ""the end justifies the means"" type, aka academic class A a-hole.
So here I met a girl let's call her I. A Colleague who also immigrated here from another European country, just like me. We started bonding a year later, over personal relationships as she was going through some very very tough stuff. 
Fast forward a few months later.  We go to a rave, we get super drunk and we end up kissing. She asks if I want to try it out but I reject her plainly because we work together. If she was working in a different office, a different floor we’d be dating now. That brought us even closer. Best buddies.
Whenever one of us was stressed/sad/angry, one would convince the other to go out for dinner, movies, trips, parties. I taught her to play the guitar and she taught me to cook her country's cuisine and her language.  We met each other's childhood friends.  In the summer we plan to do a tour, in her country and my country. 
6 months later she says we need to talk. We go out at a bar and she says she has a date the very next day. But she doesn’t want to go because the guy is intense and he texts her all the time. I convince her to go. We drop the subject and we spend out night partying. Her hugging me intimately and smelling me, saying how comfortable I am. Asks me to sleep at her place so I won’t have to wait for my train at 5am, but I decline and we spend the next 30mins waiting for the train together. She fell asleep on my shoulder and her hand twinkled in mine. This is when I felt this warm fuzzy feeling for the first time in my life. Haven’t felt it with any woman I met in my entire life. I thought I’ll talk to her when we get sober but I completely forgot the part she had a date next evening. I was late. She comes back from her weekend and she is so happy and excited, I haven’t seen her like that in a long time. So I choose to swallow my feelings and move on. After all the most important thing is for her to be happy! We are friends anyway. We go out a week later and the same shit happens. She gets slightly drunk and starts telling her acquaintances in the party I’m her boyfriend. Whenever someone would even look at her direction would latch on me and wouldn’t let go. Hugs, holds hands the whole thing over again. I walk her home and then I leave. The next day we join some friends for wine and then we hang out at her place and watched something on Netflix, I got bored out of my mind so I started stalking her social media with her next to me as a joke. She grabbed my phone and wouldn’t give it back. And when I reached over her she’d grab my arm and try to cuddle. Felt weird to me. Left not a much later. The very next day I met the guy on a board game evening. He’s such a nice person and I felt completely guilty. I also feel bad cause I do have feelings for her. 
I’m trying to disengage from her. But without causing her any frustration. How should I proceed?"
relationship_advice "My boyfriend (M18) didn’t like my (F19) Valentines gift to him TL;DR: how do i tell my partner his bluntness hurt my feelings?

Two essential notes about my partner: we grew up in different countries and his culture is not super big on presents, and is very different from American culture in dating norms, politeness, pleasantries.
I am also 99.99% he is on the autism spectrum. I’m not a doctor and I can’t diagnose people but boy howdy I’m almost positive and his quirks are what I love the most about him. 

Basically, go easy on my partner please. He’s a sweetheart who would never intend to hurt anyone.. but unfortunately hurts people because of his bluntness.

This year for our second Valentine’s Day I made a digital painting of us kissing in the rain and had it printed on canvas. This took a lot of time and was expensive. I also have done things like this on commission so I’m not the best at art but this was a quality piece.

He told me point-blank that it was too cheesy for him to hang up. I also didn’t get anything for Valentine’s Day, as I expected because it’s him and he doesn’t DO gifts. 

Idk guys this just hurt me so bad. I’m so humiliated, I want to take the gift back and rip it up. I don’t want anybody to ever see it again. I’m already hard on myself and my work. In my culture, if you don’t like a gift you never tell the person. I appreciate his honesty but. Damn. I just don’t know the best way to go about telling him I’m hurt… whether I should, what to do, how to sort this whole thing out"
relationship_advice "my (26m) girlfriend (27f) is acting strange So the important thing to remember is that my girlfriend made a rule that whenever someone of the opposite sex texts me I have to immidiately tell her that. Even if it's at work on teams. So I said that the same applies to her, because why not.

Few days ago I noticed that she got a text from some guy and she didn't know I saw that, she didn't tell me about that, but I didn't think much of it and just let it go.
But few hours later she begins to remind me that I have to tell her when a female coworker texts me at work. So I told her that I saw that some guy texted her and she didn't tell me about it, and if she wants me to tell her everything she must do the same. 

(There's one more thing, she was quite mad when this guy texted her becuaee our take out didn't arrive.)

She told me that she would have told me if I waited 5 more minutes, and the reason she didn't tell me was because she was mad. I asked her if I don't have to tell her if someone texts me if I'm mad and she told me no, i have to tell her right away, because this was different.

I told her that when she says she didn't tell me because she was mad is just an excuse and it turned into me being a bad guy and she's now mad at me.

Feels like there's something she's not telling me. I'm almost 100% sure that it's not about this particular guy, but something or someone else. Or maybe I'm just reading too much into this."
relationship_advice "I [38m] have been seeing a woman [40f] for 6 weeks. Is there pressure to speed up relationship progress because we're older? Sorry if this is a dumb question, but a couple things came up in conversation recently that made me consider this aspect. A bit of background: She's been separated for a couple years and shares custody of a kid with her ex-husband. My last few relationships ended a bit messily because, imo, we rushed things so I'd like to take my time exploring. Dating at this age is hard so please go easy, lol."
relationship_advice "My(28F) boyfriend(30M) won’t have sex with me I (28F) have been with an admitted porn addict (30M) for 6 years. I am fed up. I am sitting here in bed on Valentine’s Day after I cleaned the entire house, went to the store, cooked a fancy dinner, shaved my entire body and put on lingerie. He was cuddling with me. Thanking me. Telling me he loves me so much. We had a wonderful day. Until we go to bed and again. I am rejected from having sex. It’s been 8 weeks. Not because he’s been clean. It’s been 8 weeks straight of him choosing TikTok soft porn over me.  
I haven’t felt like I could say anything about the TikTok’s  because my partner recently lost his mother and this has been extremely hard on him. But tonight I just lost it. Not in front of him, but alone in the bathroom when I looked through his phone after he fell asleep only to realize he wasted his sexual energy on TikTok girls this morning. While I was asleep in bed. Im so hurt and I really just don’t know what to do. I’ve been crying for the past hour and I don’t know how to even bring this up I’m just so upset. I feel so inadequate. Any advice or words of encouragement are appreciated."
relationship_advice "I (21 F) found fetish porn on my boyfriend (23 M) of almost 5 years phone and i don't know what to make of it So first off i want to make clear i was not snooping on his phone. Im an art student and i had a portfolio due soon and i needed to take photos for them. Unfortunately my phone camera wasn't working and i knew he had a newer nicer phone with a better camera. So i go into our room and i ask him if i can borrow his phone for like 30 minutes or so to take edit a bunch of photos of my art to put in my portfolio. He said ""sure"" and then showed me his password to get in to his phone.
He went off to take a nap and i went off outside to take photos. When im done taking them i go to his camera roll and start cropping/editing. In there i found in his most recent photos (directly next to the ones i had just taken) of a drawn out porn of two men blindfolded sucking each other off. I should clarify that my boyfriend has come out to me as bi sexual a year or two ago, and i was supportive and I understood. This porn didn't really bother me. I personally am not in to porn, l've tried but it ends up turning me off more than turning me on, but i knew he watched porn and i was okay with it. He also has a foot fetish that im compliant with and have no problems with, so i saw some of those photos in his recents as well, wasn’t surprising. But then i scrolled down a bit and saw photos of more porn, only this is a fetish i think i have never seen or heard of. Its of largely breasted women with dicks. I was a little insecure seeing these as its a fantasy he never shared with me and has been more secretive about compared to his other kinks. I dont want to add to the stigma of bisexual peoples partners being ""jealous"" or scared of the other sex being competition. Is this a bisexual fantasy? Should i not feel insecure or have anything to worry about ? I also found photos he had taken of himself in women’s lingerie, mainly focusing on his penis in the lingerie. Is this part of his fetish? Or is he secretly trans or gender fluid? Im not sure what to ask or say. I love this man so much, he is the best boyfriend ive ever had, he treats me wonderfully and is so sweet. We live together and have two cats we both love. I dont want our relationship to change, i dont want to loose him. 

I think i feel so insecure and anxiety ridden because our sex life has been difficult these last few years. He struggles with depression and takes antidepressants which has made finishing for him hard. In our whole relationship i have only made him cum twice. And its never from being inside of me, its was when i went down on him and when he jerked himself off to my feet. He has made sure to please me and make sure i orgasm every time, and we occasionally have anal which we both enjoy. But this coupled with the fetish i just learned about he has never told me about make me feel inadequate. He tells me he loves me and is attracted to me all the time and the reason for him not being able to finish with me is because of his medication. I struggled for a while to believe him because of my own insecurities growing up, and it feels like now that I finally had felt that, my insecurities are all back again. Please help me, what do i do?"
relationship_advice "my [23F] boyfriend [25M] doesn’t love me back Title says it all. I told my boyfriend I loved him tonight and he said he isn’t ready to say that back. We’ve been dating for 5 months and I’ve felt in love with him since a few months in. Over time, I’ve felt compelled to say it but always held back until tonight. I don’t understand how we are experiencing the same relationship. This has turned me upside down. Friends reassured me to tell him because of course he loves me, but he says it takes him a long time to feel that way. I’ve been in bad relationships in the past that make me vulnerable to anxious attachment and I’m not sure I have the mental fortitude to stay with someone who doesn’t feel the same way I do. He was very kind about it and told me he really likes me and that I’m “very special to him”.

What should I do? How long would you stay with someone who doesn’t love you back? Does anyone have a similar story with success?"
relationship_advice "Should I 26F pursue a rekindled relationship with my ex 30F 
Hey gang, I could really use some advice right now… this is gonna be an absolute essay tho my bad.

So I broke up with my most recent ex in a really fucked up way, basically we were getting evicted from our place and given a shockingly low amount of time to be out, this alone was incredibly stressful but on top of that our relationship was basically in the process of going up in flame and we both knew it. Reguardless we both seemed to be holding on anyway. But the hard thing was that it was basically up to me alone to find us a place. I had to fill out all the applications (and constantly chase her up to do hers) and book inspections around my work schedule (went to most of them alone mind you). 

It was all incredibly overwhelming and there was times when I felt hopeless and like giving up. I felt completly unsupported by her during this. And right when I was the MOST stressed, she dipped when I needed her the most to go have drinks in a hotel room with her ex most recent ex. Yeah I know that sounds wild, she claims it’s all innocent I’ve decided to be brain dead and buy that ig. But anyway that really hit me hard. I couldn’t understand why she was doing this to me. It felt like she cared so much more about her own interests then our dying relationship.

She’s also weirdly really talented at dismissing her own short comings by either making up logical excuses to explain her behaviour or twist it so I’m in the wrong. It’s kinda calculating how she does this and it wigs me out but I try to ignore it and and just take the L half the time. But it borders on gaslighting sometimes which is stressful because I second guess my reactions/emotions almost constantly. Sucks being insecure x

Anyway my borderline ass got way too drunk and I my emotions got the best of me and I sent her a bunch of mean rapid fire drunk texts like a fucking psycho. She blocked my texts without telling me so she failed to see the text (yeah I know I suck) telling her I was done with the relationship and couldn’t do it anymore. It was messed up I know but it all just felt like too much in that moment and I just wanted it over so I could stop feeling like this. It was awful and selfish but it gets worse.

So after I didn’t hear from her for a while I assumed she was done w me and I changed my relationship status to single on Facebook, which is how she found out I was done due to having blocked my texts. That was understandably devastating for her. But at that time, survival mode had kicked in for me and I was only worrying about myself. Without my ex dragging her feet I very quickly found a place for myself and moved out mere days later. I really shut down to get through it tbh, I didn’t allow much time for ruminating on it all as I was just focused on surviving and work. 

6 months later she’s somehow back in my life and it seemed like things where going great, I almost instantly became very attached to her again. Darn attachment issues. A little voice in my head was screaming “pls don’t do this to yourself again” but I ignored her as usual.

The intense part is, it’s been hard for me to be all in with her lately as a recurring problem in our relationship (and one of the main reason it ended in the first place) is that she has remained close friends with a man who fucked me while I was black out drunk and continued fucking me even after I lost consciousness. To this day she is still his friend, she saw him only days ago. 

It’s been a hard pill to swallow. I can’t tell her to cut him off because that’s controlling, but I also don’t think I can ever go any further with this with that vile fact floating over our heads. I’ve never been able to wrap my head around why she is still his friend though she could have won an Oscar for the long winded explanation to why, which I have blocked out at this point because the why has never mattered to me and only offends truth be told. It’s just always made me feel betrayed. It probably seems petty or childish of me and that’s fair but it’s a barrier I honestly don’t think I can over come. Even thinking about him induces panic, esp lately after I unfortunately unlocked a soul crushing memory of a horrific child hood trauma that I had blocked out until recently and that has really fucked me up something chronic. 

Anyway, I just don’t know what to do. Truth be told, she’s my soulmate, as sad as she makes me, I’m the happiest I’ll ever be when she’s with me. She makes it all seem bearable, she is and always will be the love of my life. And maybe that’ll be my final downfall. She really is a great person just battling her own demons. Sometimes I just wish I could understand her actions, or even just learn to forgive them. But lately I can’t, it’s causing me to resent her. It doesn’t help that my shitty past actions are looming over my head constantly while she takes zero accountability being friends with the guy who banged a chick entirely unable to give any kind of consent. But that’s just my 2c worth. 

Y’all should I change my fucking name and leave the country to start a new life, or do I grow up and and focus on my friends and work and stop giving all of myself to someone who doesn’t even appear to fucking like me as a person half the time? My mum used to say I “reap what I sow”. Guess she was right."
relationship_advice "My (22F) boyfriend (25M) didn’t do anything for me for Valentine’s Day My boyfriend and I have been dating for just over 2 years and have been living together for over a year. Valentines today I didn’t receive a text saying happy Valentine’s Day or anything. I bought him a really nice pen and some chocolate, along with a hand written note and give these to him when we both got home. He thanked me and told me he loved me so much. He did not give me a card, flowers or anything which was pretty disappointing. Last what on valentines he gave me a bracelet which was super sweet. It was upsetting going on social media today and seeing roses and sweet notes my friends received from their boyfriends. I wouldn’t have a problem with not receiving anything on valentines if he appeared to put effort in consistently. We never go on dates unless I suggest them. I just feel like he’s taking me for granted and I’m not sure what to do. Isn’t it the bare minimum to show your significant other appreciation on Valentine’s Day with a simple gesture or note??

(TLDR) My (22F) boyfriend (25M) didn’t plan or get me anything for Valentine’s Day. Not sure where to go from here"
relationship_advice "My (20f) bf (25m) got a handjob from a guy 



My boyfriend has a past experience that we disagree on the meaning. 

He was on a night out and couldn’t get home so stayed with a male friend. The friend suggested he would be more comfortable in the bed , he agreed so they just shared the bed. The friend then also said he would be more comfortable without his jeans on. He agreed. They were both in underwear when the friend got closer reached for his dick and started giving him a handjob. My bf said it felt nice and he enjoyed it so didn’t stop him. He then felt his hairy leg and changed his mind, got up and left. 

He says he is in no way shape or form bi or gay and I’m not trying to label his sexuality or put him in a box but I’m suggesting he must be somewhere on the spectrum to not be opposed to a handjob from another man. As many male friends I ask say they would smack the guy and not even want a bar of it. My bf says he was just experimenting or exploring which I understand as I am open to the same . Thoughts ?"
relationship_advice "I (18F) can’t talk to boys and have a crush (18M ?) on someone who looks unapproachable I (18F) have never dated or had anything close to a relationship before. I’ve only crushed from far away and I want to try at least once to let someone know if I like them. Recently I’ve noticed someone (18M ?) around campus who I would love to get to know. I’ve seen him read books I’m interested in among other things. 

I want to try and approach him soon but I’m terrified to do so. I’m shy and he wears headphones (the big ones that cover your ears) 24/7. I would love to talk to him about his books because I love reading too, but I don’t want to disturb him if he had headphones on all the time of course. What should I do? Give up, get his attention and see where it goes (what do I even do or say?) or something else? Please help!!"
relationship_advice "Ever since my wife (22F) and I (23M) got married she's become borderline abusive  So when me and my wife met everything was fine that being said it's been 2 months since we've gotten married and ever since then things have completely changed and I like to communicate myself very well to her when I am upset or she is upset at me and I'm trying to figure out the issue but she would like to resort straight to violence and by violence I mean yelling I've been in an abusive relationship before that escalated beyond that and if that ever happened again I know to get out but she is showing all of the signs that the previous one showed before it got to that point now I am worried she told me one day one of the reason she gets mad is just cuz I'm around and she wants to get mad at something I'm not sure if this is a common thing for some people but for me when I love someone I will do everything in my power to not get mad at them because I love them more than anything and I love her but it's getting to the point where I don't really want to be with her anymore she will be mad because I didn't have to wake up as early because she had an early mornings doctor appointment and I stay up a little later because I work typically from 12:00 to 8:00 and then when she got back from her doctor's appointment I am still asleep she wakes me up and I said oh hey you're back and get up instead of lay there so I can spend time with her cuz I'm assuming that's what she wanted and the first thing she does is get mad because our dog knocks something over (my skateboard leaned against the wall) and she yelled at him and I said hey it was an accident he's a big dog and she goes oh you're going to f\*\*\*\*\*\* take his side over mine and then proceeds to yell at me and I say hey whoa I don't know what I did I don't know what's wrong I am sorry but let's take a step back and I'm trying very hard to just communicate use my words not get upset and she proceeds to tell me how useless I am how worthless I am stuff like that after I've expressed that I've been going through a depression episode which I think might be her fault ( I have depression but it comes in waves when it's serious it's always there but easier to not think about most the time ie distractions but I have signed myself back up for therapy so when I can communicate with her so when she does say things that actually do upset me to the point where I want to yell I am better at expressing and communicating cuz I yelled at her one time during our fights and felt terrible because I don't want to do that but it is almost everyday she's yelling at me telling me I'm worthless and it's starting to weigh on me very heavy and I have expressed to her multiple times using the proper techniques of saying I think so it's not like a you need to attack on trying to get her to go to therapy bring it up when you know when it's calm instead of doing a fight coming to her like I'm a concerned friend and not a person trying to attack her but no matter what it is always an issue for her it's me calling her crazy even though I started going to therapy and I think therapy is very normal for most people at this point I don't know what to do she's not going to get therapy I don't know if I can stay and if I can't stay I don't know how to get out of it because we live together and we're married is this my fault. or what should I look at to upset her less I try my best to be perfect husband but it seems like no matter what she's upset She told me sometimes i piss her off cause I'm to happy(optimistic). like I really don't know what to do"
relationship_advice "My F26 boyfriend M28 quit his job without telling me Well he didn't quit but put a pause since the beginning of the year and he just told me today on Valentine's Day. 

I had texted him today that I had a small gift to give him and if I could come over and he called me 40 mins later. He said he felt bad he didn't get me anything because he thought we agreed to Saturday.

I wasn't stoked about this answer but I told him I would still like to give him my gift. He went to describing a bit as why he didn't get me anything and he was getting anxious and spilled the beans that he hasn't been working since the beginning of the year to pursue his dream in investing. I was very shocked by this news and I started to realize how hurt I was that he lied to me. 

Nonetheless he explained he didn't tell me because how when he did this last time I was not encouraging and didn't want to deal with my negative outlook on this. 

I empathized and apologized to him for making him feel that way. But the reason I was not for his investing because it's not stable and I felt like he was not considering me in his plans of investing. He never mentioned he was doing it for us but only because it was his dream. 

I am hurt because after this long discussion I asked him to come over so he can have the baked goodies I made him and he said no it's too late for him and he declined me coming over because he felt very overwhelmed . I was really hurt because I really needed him after this discussion. I cried right after the call. 

He texted before bed saying he regretted not seeing me after he calmed down and he would make it up to me and he loved me. I haven't texted him back and I don't even know what to say. I didn't want him to make today up I wanted him to make an effort today and he didn't. 

I don't know how to feel or how to approach him.Please help"
relationship_advice "Is this supposed to be my love story or am I crazy? F23 &amp; M24 i’ve never felt so conflicted before. for context, i (f23) dated a guy, R(m24) for about 2 years when i was 18. things ended because he wasn’t treating me right, no cheated or name calling etc. but just not giving me the respect i deserved as a partner, he was going thru a hard time mentally and i tried so hard to push thru it but it got to the point that i couldn’t over look it anymore, it just really wasn’t healthy . a month after things ended, he came looking for me at my family’s home that i was visiting to tell me that he loved me and wanted me back in his life. that same day my brother took him for a walk and gave him a choice, to walk away from me, or to stay and get his shit together because he couldn’t continue to watch me fall apart each time things got bad. well he chose to walk away and i took that as him giving up, it was really hard on me, i fell into depression, and couldn’t sleep for a couple months. honestly since then, i feel like i have never truly gotten over him, i have never loved anyone the way i loved him, and he has been my biggest heartbreak to this day. well time passed and i had gotten into another relationship and when that ended he reached out to me, saying that he missed me, that he regrets what happened but he just wasn’t ready and he knew it wasn’t fair to keep me in his life without him changing first, but once he wanted to come back, i was with someone else and didn’t say anything because he didn’t think it was fair to come between my relationship at the time. it had been about 3 years at that point when things ended between R and I. obviously we didn’t live our lives on pause, and he had gotten another girl pregnant, they weren’t/still aren’t together, just coparenting, but i wasn’t ready to deal with all that at the time and he didn’t expect me to either so we split ways. 2 years later, im in a different relationship with a wonderful guy, we have a great and healthy relationship, and i love him, i honestly can’t complain, we have great communication, we get along so well and he is so sweet. well recently, R reached out again, stating that he still loves me, he misses me that he messed up and has never been able to forgive himself, that he was sorry and  he just wants me in his life. that message send me down a rabbit hole. i hate that a part of me feels the same way. i hate that i feel this tie to him that i can’t cut no matter how long it’s been or how hard i try, i don’t know what it is but it’s like i lost a piece of myself when we parted ways and it has stayed with him ever since. i always thought that there was something wrong with me as to why i could never fully let it go, and he had long been moved on which is why i did too, but to know that after all this time, all this time trying to cut it out, forget about it, move on, and not being able to no matter how hard i try, he has been in the very same position as me. he feels the same way. but i’m scared, i have a great relationship right now with an amazing man who loves me and who i love also. but what if R is the love of my life? am i ignoring fate? or am i just delusional? i feel like i’m broken..i just want some advice on what i should do."
relationship_advice "Need help on approaching a girl[18F] I[18M] like in a respectful and appropriate way, after school has ended. nearly an 8 months ago, in my school a girl asked how I was, then we had a little conversation and then she asked me for my Instagram, I wasn't using Instagram at that point, so I said I don't have one, but now I made and send her a follow request, why she is neither rejecting nor confirming it? it's been 2 weeks since I sent her a request, she is definitely active as I see there is a change in numbers of her followings, I actually really like her, now school is over completely it was my last year, and now I have no way of confessing to her, Instagram was my only way to connect to her. what should i do now? it's really stressing me out.

Also, her account is private so i cannot message her on Instagram if isn't accepting my request and i don't know her accounts on any other social media platforms, and if i try to contact her through mutual friends, wouldn't that be considered creepy and pushy by her? and also what should i say if i do get to chat with her some way? I just directly can't say I love you right?

or maybe, I should simply let it go away.??

ALSO, keep in mind before answering that i am from INDIA, people here are not as open minded as west, any advice Indians would be precious."
relationship_advice "I 20M ghosted/dump by 23F on valentines date? Ghosted on valentines date?

Me 20M and this girl 23F been talking for a couple of months, been with her when she was sick and she shared her past with me, I always did my best for her and expressed myself to her. A week before valentines I ask her out to celebrate and we both agree to meet around 1, I arrive a few minutes early and waited a hour n half but she never came so I decide to go home and cook something for my dad. A couple hours later I get a text from her sibling on her phone about going to a car meet n I said I wasn't in the mood. After that she restricted me on IG and hasn't replied to my previous message."
relationship_advice "43F wants to divorce 44M husband I (43F) have been married to my husband (44M) for almost 13 years.  After I had our second child he started having affairs.  Yes I know I will catch alot of hate for this but I caught him 3 times and forgave him.  I know there's been plenty more which has landed me being in a sexless marriage for years, mental and emotional abuse from him, him turning family members against me, friends against me and now he's saying horrible things about me to the kids.  The lack of communication on top of everything else has pushed me way to far now, but I'm stuck.  I have met someone who I've fallen for pretty hard, but they don't want a relationship until I get a divorce.  I do want a divorce most definitely but I am absolutely terrified to ask for one.  No I'm not afraid he would hit me, its a matter of not being able to support myself and 2 kids on my own.  I've been a stay at home mom since my first born but now I have a part time job.  My one child has special needs and I tend to have to be home with them alot because of the extent of disabilities.  I'm tired of being alone, I'm tired of dealing with everything by myself. I want to be loved and cared for like any human should be.  How do I get out of this hell I've been living in?  Can someone please tell me how to go about asking him for a divorce?"
relationship_advice "Boyfriend 26 M not putting in effort after 5 years of dating me 24F Boyfriend (26) and I (24) have been together for 5 years now and slowly the effort on his part has slowly dropped over the years. I’ve mentioned it many of times to him and it’s always come to one week of love bombing then back to the same old thing. Today is Valentine’s Day and we agreed to hang out together. I somewhat expected and would have loved just one flower or even one chocolate and of course never got that. Boyfriend then mentioned he bought me a card 3 weeks ago but forgot to write in it.. I wouldn’t be as upset if he bought the card today and was busy at work to write in it. But 3 weeks and not one thought crossed his mind to just put an I love you in the card? I feel like I’m over exaggerating but at the same time I feel like I’m not even getting the bare minimum I’ve been asking for? :/"
relationship_advice "Is my (33F, 35M) marriage broken? I (33F) have been married to my husband (35M) for 11 years. We have 2 sons, age 9 and 3 months. I’ve been struggling this past year with pregnancy and birth of our second son. I always felt my husband was supportive and tried his best during my depression episodes, but it seemed everything in my house halted when I became severely depressed and anxious over this last (unexpected) pregnancy. Dishes got done and his laundry and our sons laundry was done on a normal basis, but nothing else and so things got behind and it was on me it seemed to do it, despite getting tachycardia and blood sugar crashes later that made me only able to do something for 10 mins before having to stop. I felt useless and that I wasn’t being taken care of when I’ve always taken care of everyone and everything and thought I would get something in return. I’ve talked to him about this already but this was a peek into recent events.

I’ve never asked for anything outright, I try not to complain cause there’s only so much we can do. Our finances are not the best, I budget strictly but we live paycheck to paycheck With basically nothing leftover, except for a $100 bonus gift card my husband’s work gives out every month as long as they hit the goal for that month, and they usually do. My husband mentioned using it for Valentine’s Day, and I mentioned that we didn’t have to go out to eat, mostly cause baby is still young and I nurse plus I’ve been so tired and sore lately that I just wanna relax at home. 

I guess I shouldn’t have said anything. I was grateful my husband cooked dinner, but it was just a normal meal. No cheap dollar store flowers, cheap wine, anything that would’ve only cost $5, but I guess he couldn’t even save that, because the card had already been depleted, and I didn’t have to ask because last night he asked for a few bucks for something for the car. I told him I had no more cash til payday.

I keep telling myself that it’s ok, but it isn’t the first time, first  holiday or birthday that I either just got a dinner or nothing at all. I’m trying to convince myself that holidays shouldn’t be that important and I didn’t get him anything either this year but usually I do. I really didn’t want him to worry about this past Christmas because again money and the baby was just born. But I feel like if I don’t say anything I get nothing, yet I want a romantic gesture of some kind that I didn’t have to instruct him to do and that doesn’t include sex. I broke down a year ago about this around Mother’s Day and my birthday but it seems my wants and needs are just fleeting. I never felt important growing up and I don’t feel important to my family now. 

Sorry if this was long, I just feel broken and useless, that I’m only good for sex and taking out to eat once a bit. I don’t know what to do."
relationship_advice "I (18M) am going to break up with my bf (18M) tomorrow after school and cant stop crying. 
In the next 24 hours ill have broken up with him, I still feel as though I love him but I know were not meant to be, he gave me the most heart warming sweet valentines day card today, with an adorable fox stuffed animal. And I can’t stop crying about this decision and wonder if its the right thing to do then, ive been feeling this way for a while but hes just so sweet I can’t stop crying, I just wanna not do it and keep going on not living how I feel I want to live. My family and friends tell me its the right thing to do but I just can’t bear to put him through this because he’s just such a sweet caring soul.

Edit: At my age I really want to explore so many different aspects of life and I feel as though I am ready to, my bf on the other hand has no intention really of putting himself out there into the world or being social at all really, I am an extremely social person and living playing video games as my only way to truly enjoy my time with him has become hard to live with, every time we do go out with friends of mine they tend to not like him too much despite his kindness and he never enjoys himself either."
relationship_advice "Do I (F 30) need to tell my cousin (F 36) to move out of my mom’s (F 50) house? Do I need to tell my cousin to move out of my moms house?

Situation: 
My (f30s usa) cousin Esther (f late30s usa) is living with my mom (f 50 usa). Esther has 3 daughters ages 14,10,3. This is in Ohio, and I live in California. 

Esther is living with mom because her and her bf broke up. Before she was living in a hotel. Mom and Esther agreed to 1 year living arrangements. I don’t know if Esther is paying rent…

Esther and her three daughters decided to move into main floor of the house in January and my mother moved into the basement.
The living situation started off rocky because my mom said that she was being called judgey by Esther. 

Esther doesn’t clean, parties late at night, leaves the kids home alone while she’s out, makes the 14 year old wake up 3 year old and is responsible for feeding the baby too. 

Example: my mom came home from work at 6pm one day and the baby was sleeping. Esther came home at 8pm and mom says “do you know baby is still sleeping?” Esther replied “oh well that’s 14 year old daughters problem”. 
My mom is having difficulty speaking her mind and doesn’t want to be “judgey”.
Mom has vocalized to me she is no longer comfortable with the living situation. “Only 10 more months”

The 14-year-old in the last 2 weeks told her school that she wants to hurt herself and has a plan. She was admitted to the hospital and on a psychiatric hold. She has been there for 10 days and is planning to extend .

CPS was called because 14year old told hospital esther spokes pot in front of the kids.  they plan on visiting the home. 

My mom doesn’t want to kick them out of the house because of the girls . She wants to protect them and make sure they have a roof over their heads. Mom is afraid that CPS will separate the girls into foster homes. I feel like if mom is not vocalizing the issues and trying to adjust the behaviors nothing will change. 

Mom is a lot not in good health. Overweight, high stress job with recent heart problems. 

I have not had any contact with Esther in years. 

Do I need to speak with Esther to tell her  she needed to get her life together/ move out/ stop taking advantage of my mom? 
Should I call CPS?"
relationship_advice "I (19 M) am lost as all hell because a vid my friend sent me (20 F). Help a homie out. Aight so to make a long story short, I like a girl. At first she told me that she is ace and if she did try a relationship she would want to try a girl. Valentine’s Day just passed and she makes and sends me a damn video of us in one of those relationship dynamics edits. Is there any way I’m supposed to interpret that? What’s the play? Should I try and make a move? Ya boi is lost in the muh fuckin sauce."
relationship_advice "Me (F18) and my significant other (M18) have been dating for over a year now, and we're both in college (different colleges). We both have different schedules, and I feel like we both need a break.  Me (F18) and my significant other (M18) have been dating for over a year now, and we're both in college (different colleges). We both have different schedules, and we both get busy at certain times, but his schedule is way more complex than mine. He has told me multiple times that his schedule is making him burned out and exhausted, to which I reply that he should take breaks when he can and relax. However, he tells me that he can't and that he just wants to focus on school and me. I'm a bit worried since he never has the time to focus on himself, and I feel like it's hurting him. I also think it's affecting our relationship now because he's too exhausted to spend time with me, and it makes me feel like I'm not important. It makes me feel like I'm the one carrying the relationship, where I plan all of our dates and conversations, while he just follows my lead. Today is Valentine's Day, and since we both go to different colleges, we can't see each other until the weekend, and I've been telling him that I would really like him to make me handcrafted gifts like on TikTok or bake me sweets (he's not a good baker, so I'm saying simple sweets you can make like box cake, jello, or cookies). But he always just pushes the idea away and explains that his oven doesn't work (which it doesn't; I checked.) but I explained that cold desserts were fine, but he just said that he's too busy. He told me that for Valentine's Day, he's giving me 50 dollars and flowers (I had to tell him multiple times to give me just because flowers), which is nice, but I wished that it was more heartwarming. I'm going to give him a handcrafted gift that has pictures of us, a Lego set, handmade jewelry, and his favorite candy. Even though I know he has good intentions, I wish he would put more effort into our relationship. But I've been thinking that we should take a break so that we can both focus on ourselves and give each other some space because he hasn't had time to himself. Do you guys think that's a good idea? While I know it may not be the most ideal solution, I feel like it would help us grow individually and ultimately lead to a stronger relationship between us."
relationship_advice "Why would a 23f in long term with 24M do this? To the women that did odd things at end of a relationship in sense to harm the man they claimed they love that was not bad man or abusive. Why did you choose to lower ya self in his eyes morally and show you was not nice and abuse his trust post break up and after fresh break? Why did you do so?  1.)Money? 
2.) Jealous of other women relationship and wealth?
3.) Loved him but realized you destroyed something and didn't want work on it cause fear of having to hear him be up set from your actions and have to earn that trust back?"
relationship_advice "I (21F) feel unbeloved and can't communicate with my bf (21M) I met my boyfriend 5 years ago and we've been together since then. We didn't have any discussion for the past 2 years. It's important to notice we are in a long distance relationship. He has family living on my country but we didn't have the opportunity to be together yet (mainly due to the pandemic and economic problems). 

Unfortunately for the last months, things have severely changed for the worse.

He's busy with university and I totally understand that, he's tired, annoyed and just want to relax sometimes. I always  try to give him some space but one day I noticed we didn't spend any quality time together like for two weeks and a half (or just saying small things like ""I love you""). 
So this is when I started to do it more often for him but it felt like it was only me. If I didn't tell him, he won't do it. It felt like he was just forced to. I said that to him, that I would be very happy If he could be more expressive with his words or just send me cute pics, that's enough for me. He did it once and that's it. 
So now he said he doesn't need to say ""I love you"" or demonstrate affection anymore cuz I already know and I get it but It makes me feel bad cuz I already told him that's something I like and I need.

I tried several times to express that I feel lonely and unbeloved but he's response it's just ""I see"" or ""It seems like I'm never enough for you"".

The worse thing happened when I talked to him about my granma forgetting that I dyed my hair since 3 months ago (due to memory loss or cognitive problems we believe) and he just replied: ""So you did or not?"". It was really confusing and hurtful so I said exactly that and he said he was just trying to cheer me up.

Today, on Valentine's day I had a really small hope he would prepare a surprise or just express how much do I mean for him but he didn't. It was just another day for us. It's heartbreaking cuz in the past, he even draw me a portrait that take a huge effort to make considering he doesn't like drawing. I didn't receive anything and what hurts the most is that he didn't say anything either. It feels like the guy I feel in love its just gone... 

I know I'm young, so I would like advice on: when it's worth working on it? 

TLDR; I love my boyfriend but we can't communicate, he feels nothing it's enough for me and seems forced to say ""I love you"". How can I know If the relationship is worth trying?"
relationship_advice "I (18F) feel ugly and seen less then by my boyfriend (20M) Ok, so my boyfriend (20M) is one of the those boys that love designer and feel that the more your outfit cost the better you look but I don't believe that. He makes me feel bad about my outfits because they don't ""go with him"" in the sense that I don't mind wearing Nike sneakers or simple sandals and that they aren't 500 dollar pair of shoes. Now I'm really self conscious about the way I dress or the way I look when I go out with him because I feel like he looks at me less then. He sent me other girls instagram profiles and told me that I should dress like them. 

Im I being too sensitive and take his advice and change the way I dress or present myself?"
relationship_advice "I (18F) want to take a gap year. But my parents (39F) and (40M) don't approve of it. I don’t know if this is the right place to talk about this, but I could really use some guidance, so I thought I'd turn to Reddit.

&amp;#x200B;

To start this off, I’m an (18F) and if all goes well, I’ll be graduating high school at the beginning of June. Now, the topic of college has always been brought up in my family during get-togethers, dinners, and regular over-the-phone conversations. Most of my family didn’t go to college so the pressure for me to be the perfect student was always there. With the weight of becoming a failure hanging over my head, you can imagine how much I want to snatch that diploma and get out already.

&amp;#x200B;

If I’m being honest, I’ve never liked school and I vowed to myself that the moment I got out of high school, I was going to take some time off. Now, some of you may think “Is she going to take time off so she can be lazy?” The answer is no. Besides school, I have a side-hustle taking commissions for writing short stories and hope to publish some novels. I also work on music and perform at open mics. So, during this time, I would be keeping myself relatively busy.

&amp;#x200B;

I’ve tried to mention the gap year to my parents, but they always nod it off before bringing up the topic of college again, gushing about ‘how much I’d love college and that I’d finally find my true calling.’ I’ve already found my true calling! So why should I get myself into thousands of dollars of debt being stuck in a classroom learning recycled information when I found something that makes me happy, and I enjoy doing?

&amp;#x200B;

A couple weeks ago, my parents and I went to visit my aunt, uncle, and cousin who’s also 18 and the entire time, our moms were gushing about their “babies going to college” I noticed my cousin giving a sour look before looking down at his phone. I turned and asked if he was okay and he said, “Between you and me, I don’t think I want to go to college. But if I don’t, mom and dad will be crushed,” For as long as I can remember, he’s always wanted to make his own video game. (He’s a very techy guy.) and he expressed to me that if he went to college to study law (Like his father wants him to) he wouldn’t have the time nor the energy to code.

&amp;#x200B;

I sympathized with him and said, “I get you, bud. Our parents want the best, but I think it’s time we start deciding the next step for ourselves. Whatever you decide to do, I’ll support you,” My cousin started grinning from ear to ear and replied, “Same here. I hope to hear one of your songs on the radio one day!” He’s been my best friend since we were babies, so hearing that made me so happy.

&amp;#x200B;

For a while, I played along with the “I’m going to college in fall,” just to keep the peace. But eventually, my family is going to learn of the change of plans and try to talk me out of it. Like I said, I’m an adult now. This should be my decision and mine alone.

&amp;#x200B;

How can I convince my parents that taking a gap year is not all bad? Or at the very least, have them learn to respect my decision?"
relationship_advice "My girlfriend (21F) is taking her anger out on me (22M) I don't exactly know how to start this, but I'd really like some advice. The two of us have been together for 5 years, but we've known each other since childhood. 

I am autistic and have difficulties expressing myself and my girlfriend was very supportive of me. Even with our fights (she says I'm very expressionless and it makes her angry easily). I love her very much. I wanted to make that clear beforehand.

&amp;#x200B;

Recently, she has been going through a difficult time at home. Her parents are irresponsible and she has had to deal with a lot since she was little; I have been helping even within my limited emotional capacity. I help her financially, I go to her house every day to cook food, and I'm trying to encourage her to keep going. I know it sucks to be raised in a bad home.

I work and go to college. At the moment, she's not able to do either, so I understand that she's frustrated about that. But recently, things have gotten weird.

&amp;#x200B;

I can't laugh in her presence. If I laugh or try to bring up any light subject, she freaks out on me. And that's at totally random moments where we both agree to have fun with our hobbies, play games or watch something together. She says that ""my laughter pisses her off"" and that ""I know she's fucked up in the head, so I shouldn't find anything amusing"". To be clear: this never happens when she's in a serious moment, I'd never be insensitive to that point with her.

&amp;#x200B;

She's starting to find reasons to fight with me. She rarely did this ocasionally, but for the past few months she's been \*purposely\* wanting my throat every single day. And then she freaks out even more because I don't argue back. It's getting to the point where I'm starting to create a massive emotional block on talking with her, like genuine fear. 

That block was the only person in my life I was able to ""drop"" with, and now I feel it coming back to haunt me. As if my girlfriend and the woman of my life became a stranger now. 

I feel pathetic saying this, but it scares me. And I don't know how to start a conversation about it. I probably shouldn't, not now. What am I supposed to do or say?"
relationship_advice "I [f26] need space from a friend [f26] that I like. I have a friend [f26] that I’ve liked for almost a year now. We’ve known each other since high school but just got closer last year. At first I thought it was just a crush and it would go away quickly but it wasn’t the case. We don’t really hang out a lot (like once or twice a month maybe) and we text each other like three or four times a week. 

I’ve thought about telling her how I feel many times but always end up backing down because I’m afraid it’ll ruin our friendship. I decided I wanted to deal with my feelings on my own and just try to move on without telling her. 

Problem is, I think my friend might be dating someone. She has been posting someone in her ig stories and when we meet she doesn’t mention them (she usually tells me what she does and with whom when we meet and talk about what we’ve been up to). She hasn’t told me anything or posted anything to confirm my suspicions, but I think it’s highly possible (I know it also might not be the case and I’m just assuming things).

I don’t have the guts to ask her directly in fear I will be very obvious about my feelings, and so, despite my efforts to move on, I’ve been very anxious about this for a few days.

How do I distance myself a bit without ghosting her or telling her that I need space because I like her? I really want to keep her as a friend, her friendship is important to me.

TLDR: I (f26) like my friend (f26) and I think she might be dating someone and I’d like to get some distance to heal and move on without telling her it’s because I like her because I don’t want to ruin our friendship."
relationship_advice "I (f18) feel like my boyfriend (m19) hates eating me out I (f18) have been with my boyfriend (m19) for 1 and a half years. I’m really happy with our relationship and he is a wonderful person. We started having sex 4 months ago and it’s been really nice having someone who you love and care about who also feels the same way.

The problem is I feel like he hates eating me out. Like over the course of these 4 months I’ve tried to get him to eat me out, but he never wants to. He’s only done it twice. The first time was our first time trying and he went for almost 15 minutes and the second time lasted less than thirty seconds. I’d always ask him if he wants to because consent is important and I want to make sure it’s something we both want to do and he says he doesn’t want to. 

I feel like this goes back to the first time he fingered me and said I smelled weird, which really hurt my feelings at the time. He’s since apologized and feels like shit anytime he thinks about it because he never wanted to hurt me or make me feel bad about myself. I do feel like this is why he just avoids trying to eat me out because he doesn’t want to hurt my feelings and say he hates eating me out. 

I feel like there must be something wrong with me to make him want to avoid to act all together. I drink a lot of water, shower daily, and makes sure to wipe properly so there’s no smell, but he still avoids doing it and I don’t know what I’m doing wrong. What should I do?

TL;DR I feel like my boyfriend hates eating me out and there must be something wrong with me to make him avoid the act."
relationship_advice "Can I 35M flirt with others while having a girlfriend 30F? I have a nice girlfriend 30F, she is pretty and has a wonderful personality. I enjoy spending time with her and also intimacy. But at the same time I think she's not 100% my type physically speaking.

I don't like cheating, I don’t want to do that. But I wonder if it's okay to flirt with other women and check how do I feel, and if that could help me decide to break up with her, or to commit more deeply.

I am very attached to my gf and she supports me in multiple aspects, so breaking up with her would be a hard decision for me to make."
relationship_advice "My [30F] partner [32M] makes me feel like I’m a piece of crap constantly On mobile so I apologize 

So the title pretty much such sums it up. My bf and father of my child constantly makes me feel like a piece of shit and nothing I can do is right. Today alone he complained about me not answering my text messages right away twice and ordering DoorDash later than what I should have. Both of which I’ve apologized for. But, we were in the same house in regards to me not answering my texts. There was no emergency like I just wasn’t glued to my phone at that moment. The DoorDash I totally own i assumed they were awake based off of typical sleep habits and they weren’t. I sent an apology text and they still slammed the door and didn’t even let me actually verbally apologize he was so upset. This is typical of our fights. I try to own my bs and I know I have my own bs but, I just feel like they don’t like me at all. It doesn’t hurt my feeling persay but it has been kinda coloring tbh e way I view myself. What should I do how do I explain this to them? I said to them today I can’t remember the last thing they’ve said about me they like and it really resonated with me."
relationship_advice "My boyfriend (21m) makes sexual comments with his friends and I (19f) feel weird about it. From what I know, it’s fairly common for guys to joke about being gay for each other. Idk why they do it and it’s not necessary an issue, I just feel weirdly threatened. I don’t think I’m that much of a jealous type but I do have a tendency to worry and overthink things. Even if this is a jealousy thing, it doesn’t make sense to feel like that because I know that my bf and his friends are straight so idk why it would bother me. They say stuff like his friend (who also has a gf) calling my bf and saying “hey sexy” or more explicit stuff, to greet him. 

(I know they don’t do this to intentionally make fun of anyone as they both support the lgbtq+ community.)

I guess I’m just wondering if this is a common thing for guys to do? 
And why they do it? 
And how other gfs feel about it? 

Thanks!"
relationship_advice "My(33m) husband(40m) is leaving the country for a month, how can I not be jealous? My husband is traveling to his home country to visit family for a month. I just started a new job and I won't be able to take an excessive amount of work off until I’m settled but he realized he can use this time now before it runs out. He did consult me originally and I told him he should go even though I can't, but I believed he was only going to go for two weeks so that he didn't use all of his vacation hours (he gets 3 weeks vacation, and a week of sick pay which he's using all of to travel). 

I'm kind of experiencing a mix of emotions, I'm upset he changed his mind without consulting me, it was supposed to be 2 weeks instead of a month. I’m also upset that I'll be home alone for an entire month, working and taking care of our dog. 

I'm also upset because I realized I won't have a vacation with him this year and I don't know how I'll vacation alone w/o splitting the cost. (Apart from flight he doesn't have any expenses when he travels home). 

I'm also jealous because his home country is beautiful, hot and tropical, and there are a lot of tourist destinations. Partying is also big in his culture. I wish I was getting this experiencing too. His friends are also gay and a few of them tried to hook up with us last time we were there visiting. We are monogamous but there’s also a part of me that's insecure and jealous like what if one of those nights of partying over that month he choses to cheat on me. 

I get that this is kind of irrational but I wish I was more secure. Tbh how are people not jealous and just full on trusting?

How do I stop being a jealous and just be happy for him? His parents are getting old, he misses his family and I want him to enjoy his time with them but I really suck. I don’t want to ruin his time or excitement and it’s eating me alive. Do people just pretend they’re not jealous or do you genuinely 10000000% trust your partners? Am I just mentally not okay? 

Anyways Tia lol"
relationship_advice "My 22-F bf 24-M told me I am overreacting too much My (F22) bf(M24) and I have been dating for 1 year and half now, everything was going great today, we had a nice Valentine’s Day date, we went to the restaurant and I received a bouquet in a heart shape of 60 roses by him and we cuddled in bed but then we decided we wanted to do our own things before going to bed so I watched a movie and he was scrolling on tiktok as usual, I heard some narration of a sad girl that caught my attention and I peeked over his phone to see what was it about and it started with « I know we were never lovers and that we never dated… » and ended with « but you will always hold a special place in my heart and I will always love u » and I saw him make a sad face, nodded a little and liked the video, I told him that who he was thinking about cause it was not me…he went « I was thinking about u, if we break up! » and I told him that I wasn’t dumb cause the whole poem was about someone that never got to be with someone they love, I started a fight with it and he said I was crazy for even thinking about that. Idk if my reaction was okay but it just really makes me think that maybe he is settling for me? Maybe he truly loves someone else he can’t be with and it kills me so much. I try to communicate with him, ask him about it and he just keeps denying it. He went back to sleep while I’m over here still terribly upset, what should I do??"
relationship_advice "My (26m) long distance boyfriend (28m) says jokingly(?) that he’s won’t introduce just anyone to his mom, he’s waiting for the one. I don’t understand this man. We’ve been dating for three years almost. I’ve met his sister. He’s not out of the closet to his mom yet.

Anyways we were trying to plan seeing each other again, and he told me this time I could meet his mom! I gasped because all the years(known him since we were teenagers)I’ve known him, I know how big of a deal it’s been coming out to his mom. 

He immediately after saying I could meet her, takes it back and says “no never mind. I don’t want my mom just meeting anyone. Maybe I should wait until the one?” I was in shock and didn’t know what to say.

This is someone I love. This is someone I’m willing to move states for. This is someone that has been special to me since we were teenagers. And for him to say this, hurt. I tried talking to him about it and he shuts me down because he wanted to go to bed. 

So now I’m up, wide awake, hearing his words in my head questioning everything. I can’t tell if it’s a joke because there was no laughter from me or him. 

TL;DR : Boyfriend of three years said I can meet his mom. Took it back immediately and said he doesn’t want to introduce just anyone to his mom, so maybe he should wait. He wants to introduce the one to her. I immediately try and talk to him about what he said, and he shuts me down to go to bed. What are my options here? Do I get ready for a breakup? I’m shocked"
relationship_advice "I (30f) am struggling with feelings regarding bf (33m) and inappropriate conversations with others My bf and I have been dating for about 6 months now, things moved pretty quickly and we are living together currently. He’s a very caring and thoughtful person and it’s probably the healthiest relationship I’ve been in so far minus a few things that have come up. 

Before we started dating, we both stated that we have friends of the opposite gender and will not let a relationship impact those friendships and I even stated I have no problems with him having friends that are women as long as I’m given no reason to distrust him and no lines are crossed. He was friends with his most recent ex which I was also okay with. 

Regarding most recent ex, he kept telling me how she would not respect the boundaries of only being friends and kept saying things that were not appropriate between friends. I eventually told him after a couple of months I was no longer comfortable with them remaining friends if she would not respect his boundaries. A few weeks later we were looking at things on his phone when I got distracted. He decided to check his messages and I happened to look at his phone just in time to see a conversation open between the two of them. We had a conversation about it and he apologized and said it wouldn’t happen again and that he didn’t even think to tell me they were talking because he wasn’t entertaining any advances from her. Not the point but I decided to look past it. 

His best friend is now a major problem for me. Recently they were having a conversation regarding sex and how she just wanted to have sex and no relationship. I met her a couple of months prior to this conversation which is important. He made a comment about getting a toy to take care of herself. The conversation in itself honestly feels disrespectful to our relationship. I would never talk to my male friends about sex like that out of respect for my partner, but, then she asks him if he has a sex buddy. I 100% think if he had said no that she would have asked him to be her sex buddy, but maybe I’m wrong. His response was that he has a girlfriend in which she responded congratulating him. This is an issue because I had met her months prior so he never told her who I was or that he was in a relationship and I feel the only reason he even said that was because his phone was in full view to me. He turned it away real quick when she texted him asking if he has a sex buddy. 

To add to this, he gets a million snap chats from girls trying to get him to get a subscription but now will not open any snapchats if he’s even remotely in the vicinity of me, he waits till he goes to the bathroom. He has been silencing his phone more and more, he’s always had the ringer on and now he turns it off around me and when it is on, he has it so snapchats are silenced. 

He’s also seemingly more and more affectionate but this could also be because I’ve been extremely stressed with other things going on in my life and he’s just trying to be loving/supportive.

So am I crazy? I’m dealing with a lot in my own personal life right now and I’m worried I’m overthinking/overreacting. I have not had a conversation with him yet.

TLDR: inappropriate conversation with other females and a change in habits is causing me to distrust my partner."
relationship_advice "How do I (18m)stop feeling the way I feel after my ex (18f) broke up with me It’s been a around 2 months since my ex broke up with me. I feel like I’ve moved on as Ive been with other women since and I’m honestly not even attracted to her anymore. But I still feel that same hurt in my core since she broke up with me. Does this get better and can I do anything else to make it better?"
relationship_advice "(25M) (25F) Is it just my insecurities talking or plain disrespect? My male partner(M25) &amp; I (F25) seem to go out often together yet every time we’re out he eye downs other women for multiple minutes at a time, follows them with his eyes as they walk by on many occasions. I’ve even found myself asking him if he knows one woman before due to how hard he was eyeballing her. I spoke of it and he just told me it’s my insecurities talking and that he looks at everyone.. yet while I know it’s okay to look at others and it’s only right does it have to be every time we’re out and while with me."
relationship_advice "My (23M) ex(23F) keeps coming back trying to talk to me every once in a while and it weirds me out. So here’s the thing, she was my very first girlfriend and the first person i ever said i love you to. Been 6 years now since we broke off and we’re always on and off (mind you its a long distance relationship). And now on valentines day she comes in all flirty. Idk what or how to take from this. Help"
relationship_advice "(28M) (24F) I chose to walk away and heal from what was an intense relationship yesterday, but I still feel terrible about this. TLDR - Relationship with high chemistry turned toxic due to baggage on her end, both of our mental health deteriorates, distance caused her to break up at first. She later wanted to reconcile but wanted me to close the distance despite me recovering from car accident and being financially unstable, I wanted for us to heal before doing anything and left it at that. She said she wasn't upset and we wished each other well. Later she basically cursed me out wishing bad on me and I'm wondering if I did the right thing as I feel terrible about this now.


Not sure where to start, but I want to know if I did the right thing. I feel terrible about it because of our chemistry and the fact I came over and spent the hour explaining that we both need to heal after what was a very intense relationship.


Here's some quick context: We met online through Snapchat and clicked immediately. She warned me about her issues before meeting and that she disliked when someone came and went (basically distance), but I didn't think it was as bad as I thought and thought I would support her in her healing. It turns out I didn't take in how bad her baggage is and it did cause a lot of outbursts from her. She has seperation anxiety, abandonment issues and anger issues. She seems to use her mental health as an excuse to make me feel lesser than a man. She also goes back and forth on how she feels about me. We dated for 1 year. Met in November 2021, became exclusive in January 2022. Before we met, I was on my path to bettering myself, saving up money to move out of the city I live in to be in a nearby town. We lived 2 hours away from each other and we discussed closing the distance between each other.


In the beginning, things were fine, but we moved too fast upon meeting for a vibe check. We noticed that and slowed the pace and eventually we became exclusive. I was working and she was out of work since the lockdowns. It wasnt until early 2022 when things became different. I think the sex made me ignore the red flags and gave me the benefit of the doubt as we always ended up working things out after an issue. I'm not a confrontational person unless necessary and she sees this as weak. 5 months into dating, she had a family death which made her mental health worse. Things also got physical over the smallest things. She ended up getting a summer job at a resort up north and wanted me to come, but at the time I was working and her new job wasn't accepting any more applicants. I ended up losing my job just days after she left for hers, but I saw that coming and took full accountability for that; I made decisions to call out just to spend more time with her and make her happy and my punctuality was another factor. Her arguments over the phone while I was working didn't help, but I should have ignored them still, but it was hard when someone blocks you expecting you to fight for it, which is what I did.

Anyways, she eventually got the chance to travel overseas to be with her extended family and asked me to go last minute. I politely declined mostly because I figured it was best for her to do her healing. When she returned, she was calmer and it felt like the beginning again, so I thought there was hope. We had our anniversary with no issues. Most of the dates we went on actually didn't go terribly now that I'm thinking about it. Then the same cycle happened again; her other side returned after the 4.5 weeks and I saw that nasty side again. The arguments came back and she was getting frustrated with the distance. At this point, I found my mental health was beginning to deteriorate from the new part time job I was working at, and my grandfather ended up passing away a month ago which devastated my mother the most and put us in a weird state of mind. Later that month, my brother and I got into a car accident which resulted in some minor injuries (nothing serious thankfully), and was suggested by my doctor to recover at home and I have been doing so since. I had a new job lined up which could have helped with closing the distance, but I think the accident also made me lose that. She wanted me to recover by her side and was fed up with the distance and so she broke it off with me. She spoke highly of me and we were still in contact some what, but I was put in the lowest state of mind and at first I didn't want to accept it, but later decided it was time to heal and take a step back from this. Yesterday, she sent me texts expressing how much she loves me and that if I show up tomorrow (today) we can fix things, and if I don't, then that is that. I had already reflected some things at this point and decided to show up to her house the same day (before valentines day) and suggested for the both of us to simply heal as our mental health was deteriorating and that it was too much for us. I also mentioned that I didnt want to fuel her seperation anxiety by visiting and leaving, so I thought it was best to just step back. I may have mis communicated and said that maybe when we are in a better mindset maybe we can keep in touch on good terms. Upon leaving, she said she wasn't upset but I wasn't sure if she was being genuine. She told me not to message her again otherwise she would block me which is what I did. Just an hour ago, I get a text from her from another number saying that she hates me and said some real nasty things I don't want to repeat right now. She also brought up how she will never forgive me for not going with her to the summer job, or travel overseas. I'm still confused because she has spoke highly of me to other people even when we fight. This isn't the first time she has said this, but would flip and say that she loves me.

Now I am wondering if I did the right thing. I feel terrible because of the timing even though I went to see her as a man the day before."
relationship_advice "I’m (23F) with a (22M) boyfriend and his obsession with Tiktok is bothering me. I’m 23 female with a 22 male. I’ve brought this issue up many times to him but it seems to go over his head. As soon as he wakes up he’s on TikTok. Watching a tv show together, he’s on TT. Comes home from work, on TT. I want to talk to the person I’m intimate with and I feel like he’s uses it as a way to drown everything out/ avoid stress. I don’t know what to do after mentioning it so many times. The only way we can sort of have a convo is when I’m like “hey I would love to talk rn or I need attention rn”. I feel like I’m just a maid and constantly nagging about it. Am I doing something wrong or???"
relationship_advice "I(20F) don't know if i have feelings for my best friend/ex( 20M), any advice? I(20F) don't know what i'm feeling for my best friend/ex(20M) we'll call them P. For some context me and P dated when we were younger for about a year and broke up on good terms and it was a mutual decision all around and i still think it was the best thing we could've done at the time. We weren't bad for each other or toxic just feelings faded away after we couldn't spend much time together due to covid and eventually decided to break things off as a lot of couples did around that time. We remained close friends and eventually we had a FWB situation until they ended up dating someone else, but again we remained close friends but never crossed any boundaries while they were in a relationship and i distanced myself as well. I will admit i was a bit hurt when i found out but i got over it very quickly and i was genuinely happy for P and never had any type of feelings for them during their relationship. Now P and their now ex gf have broken up and we have recently started this FWB situation again over phone since we don't live in the same city anymore. Now i'd also like to say i haven't been in another relationship since me and P broke up, i just haven't found anyone i've had feelings for since then, i've been on dating apps on and off but still nothing. I haven't seen P for a couple months and i don't know if i have any feelings for them still or if i'm just scared of having a new relationship. I do get butterflies sometimes and these feelings in my chest and tummy( i'm not sure if that's the correct way to describe it) when we talk sometimes. We have a close bond as we've been there for each other through a lot and started off best friends and remained friends even after we broke up and we have the same friend group. I don't know if P feels similar and i'm definitely scared to ask. Now i know people will tell me i should probably cut contact fully but i don't want to do that because as i said they are one of my best friends and i don't consider that an option i want to do as i want them in my life. I'm sorry if i rambled on and took a long time this is my first time using this and i'm kind of nervous as i haven't told anyone this. I hope this is ok and i'm just looking for some advice honestly as i have no clue what to do or what i'm feeling. Thanks for listening, i'm sorry if this was long."
relationship_advice "I'm mad at myself F43 M31 1. Ldr - 29 months


2. May-December affair (I'm F-43 y/o; he's M-31 y/o); I'm separated w/ 2kids, he's single


3. He's got depression (I think)


4. Of course his parents don't like me and he broke up with me over it when we were about 6 months;


5. He came back to me, and I know I shouldn't, but I accepted him


6. He's isolated, WFH, living alone and we will talk during his working hours (most of the time for the whole 8-9 hrs since work comes and goes, software dev)


7. We were supposed to see each other this May


8. He wanted a family with me and I desperately believed it


9. Have had ups and downs through the years but we've managed to work out things. Common reason is when he tends to go into his own world when he's having episodes. Late last year was particularly bad because my kids have been back to school and for the first time since we've known each other, I didn't have much time for him. I'd regularly fall asleep on him (7-8 hr time difference). I wake up at 4am my time and try to stay up for him until 1am my time so basically 3hrs of sleep he brought this up and said he isn't sure where he is in my life anymore. And I felt so guilty


10. I've stopped talking to him after Xmas because I felt he consciously excludes me from his life during his good times (holidays, weekends). He forgets my birthdays, or our annivs and that was fine because he said he wasn't good at dates at all, but he even forgot to greet me for Xmas and I didn't think that was excusable


11. I didn't reach out to him during my mom's hospitalization, or bank account hacking. After 6 weeks, he sent me a letter. In a way it was an apology letter but he also said he'd understand if I don't reply


12. I replied and apologized for not speaking to him for over a month. I brought him up to date with my life


13. He was back to his usual self. Down. I felt he didn't want to talk to me (this was my usual feeling). He just went off the other night, leaving me. Waited for him to come back, he didn't. And I realized I'm hurt both ways. With ""us"", and with us broken up


15. I forced the issue yesterday. Asked where we stand


16. He said he loves me still but not the way he used to. He realized over the weekend he needs to prioritize himself (I've very low emotional maintenance needs). He wanted to get well and he feels he's in the brink of a mental breakdown. That he will always be there for me when I need him and that he won't vanish



So you see. I loathe myself. I've had all the reasons not to be in this relationship but I disregarded it all. I've had so much doubts. But he was so sure of everything. I'm not dumb, I'm not gullible really. But I wanted so much for all the things we have dreamed of to happen. I know I've no one else to blame but myself."
relationship_advice "My(23f) partner(22m) forgot it was Valentine’s day My partner says he didn’t realize today was Valentine’s day. I havr been planning fir a bit and got him all his fave snacks in a bundle but he displayed no care for my wants or needs on this day. Is my upset at him forgetting the day reasonable even when i reminded hum last week?"
relationship_advice "I (M25) just broke up with him (M21) on Valentine’s Day but I still love him Hi ! I (M25) just broke up on Valentines Day with my ex boyfriend (21M). We were together for more than a year but his personality issues really got to me. He has a hard time regulating his emotions and sometimes he was just mean to me.
However, we live together and we still love each other. I wonder how you guys handled these types of situations… I’m just worried I’ll fall back for him despite all the stuff he did. Because I know he wasn’t mean or controlling by nature; it was like an unconscious drive for him. How can you maintain your boundary in a situation like this ? I’m so sad but I have the gut feeling it’s the right thing to do."
relationship_advice "Am I (20F) moving on too fast after breaking up with my boyfriend (20M)? How do I go slower in my next relationship? A week and a half ago, I broke up with my boyfriend (20M) of 6 months due to long distance and general incompatibility. We are childhood friends who reunited and started dating, but we dove into it really fast (like a month?) after not having connected since pre puberty. 

I think if I had taken it slower and taken more time to get to know him, I would have not ended up hurting our friendship by adding the layer of romance on so quickly. I was essentially his first real relationship as well, which made the breakup that much harder on both of us. 

Although I only ended the relationship almost 2 weeks ago, I was on and off the fence (and unhappy) for almost 2 months. Fear of hurting him and personal insecurities and anxiety caused me to belabor the decision to end it, despite wanting to for over a month. 

Now, a friend of mine set me up with a friend of his who he “planned on setting you up with since before you even broke up with” my ex. The guy is very sweet (we met briefly at a party) and seems to have a few common interests with me. He asked me out on a date and I accepted. 

I know it’s really soon after leaving my relationship, but I really don’t want to rush and waste my time again. I want to get to know my next partner, whoever it may be, really well before we commit so I can have a quality, happy relationship for once. The problem is (and this might sound so stupid) I don’t exactly know to set the pace slower. I’m scared I’ll jump in again way too fast. Also, how long is long enough? Are people even willing to take that long to get to know someone before they commit? Can we still be romantic and/or physical despite “taking it slow”? What are the rules? 

TLDR: I just broke up with my boyfriend and am now going on another date. I am concerned that A. I’m moving on too soon and B. I might enter a new relationship too quickly. How do I slow it down/take it slow?"
relationship_advice "i think my (18F) bf (19M) wants to be trans, I don’t know how to take it. I'm new to Reddit but I really need advice.

about a year ago i went on my boyfriends youtube to search something up and i noticed his search history was full of searches like ""male to female surgery"" and ""getting my nails done"" even his watch history was full of transgender transformations and women clothing hauls, when i asked him about it he started crying and told me that it turns him on and that's it, i found it weird but felt bad, i just forgot about it. 

a week ago a very close female friend and him had a huge fight and stopped being friends, days later she sent me screenshots of him asking her to buy him nails &amp; boots, and saying he wants to be a girl while ""joking"" about being gay multiple times in the last 3 years, I thought they were fake so I sent them to him with a bunch of questions marks, he showed me messages of him saying things like ""never mind I'm not gay"" and ""i don't want the nails anymore"" so i could have trust in him he's not actually transgender or gay, i haven't replied since, he's been blowing up my phone but i don't know how to reply. 

i love him so much that i wouldn't care if he wanted to be trans but im straight &amp; i don't think i would be attracted to him anymore.

he keeps sending me texts denying it over and over saying he doesn't really want to be trans it just turns him on.

this is a huge shock because we've known each other since elementary, and been together for almost 3 years, not once did i think he felt this way. we're intimate all the time, planning to move in together, he wants to get engaged after college, and always talks about our future but i don't want to waste time being with him if it'll end up with me getting hurt.

I don't know if i should break up with him over something that hasn't even happened yet. plz help"
relationship_advice "I M20 feel like I am in an unhealthy relationship with my friend F20 and i can't seem to stop it. 
My friend (F20) and I (M20) entered into a casual relationship with the understanding that we wouldn't catch feelings. But after some time has passed the texts started to get more romantic?  I felt like I was in relationship. It scared me honestly because I still haven’t recovered from the trauma I experienced in my last relationship.

I told her I didn't have romantic feelings for her and she said she was okay with that. But I felt like she did have feelings for me and I confronted her about my suspicions, but she insisted that she had no feelings for me and I didn’t think much of it 

She started giving me small gifts and chocolates and sending me couple TikTok which again made me question her intentions. I finally asked her about it and she said she had a crush on me earlier but now she doesn’t it. I knew she was lying it was so obvious. 

I told her I didn’t want to hurt her I don’t want to be that guy who was using her for sex. I tried to distance myself from her but she kept pursuing me. She comes and hangout with me during breaks and sits with during class she asks me to come out and when I say no she gets desperate and I feel sad. 

I feel like I am in a never-ending loop. I try so hard to move away from whatever this is. I know its unhealthy and I’ve told her so many times. 

Yesterday she told she just want to be with me until college is over. She knows I have no feelings for her but still she wants to be with me in some way or another. I don’t want to hurt her and I told her this. She’s a good person but I feel like I’m the asshole here. she knows its unhealthy but I think she believes overtime I might fall for her which is not going to happen. 

TL;DR: got into a casual relationship with my friend and now she has feelings for me but I don’t."
relationship_advice "My fiancé(41M) and me (39F) to go and find my happiness because he feels that I don't want him We've been married before and divorced for 10 years. I believed that we honestly wanted to make things work this go around. I suggested therapy before we considered consolidating lives. He didn't like our first therapist and just phoned it in. Later he admitted he was just faking through it after we had moved in together and I put my house is for rent. Things were good for a period. Then his paranoia began to rise. I wanted to work through it all. He's admitted that he has severe depression and it is all consuming. There have been days when I was afraid to leave the house because he would wind up deep into his depression. We have bouts of disagreements. I'm frustrated because it feels like he doesn't want to get better. He believes that he's beyond repair. During our divorce, I did quite a bit of self reflection, self care, therapy, and just loving myself. We have a 14 year old together and I want things to work. Right now I'm terrified that he'll drag me into his depression with him. Am I a horrible person if I leave? How can I help things get better if I stay and make him feel wanted?"
relationship_advice "I (35F) need advice re overworked partner (38M) Hi. My partner and I have a truly great relationship, best friends, gaming buddies, emotional support etc. We aren't perfect but work actively on the bad stuff. I guess I just want advice on this overworking issue:

My partner has a new job (since December) which is mentally draining. He doesn't work above normal/ 40h weeks (with infrequent staying back 1-2h and even less frequent extra days which are all voluntary) and our finances are fine (eg no significant financial stressors) His previous job was physically dangerous and emotionally draining so I figure this new option is better.

I work a little less than him, a joint decision while I transition into hopefully better work, so it made sense that I picked up a fair bit of housework but that suddenly turned into ALL the housework except his laundry (once/fortnight). We get takeaway a lot or cook pre-made meals so evening meals isn't a big chore for us.

I've had a 'flare up' of anxiety with work insecurity and health and broke down crying a few weeks ago (something I do very rarely, maybe once every 2 years) saying I felt he was putting all his energy into this job and leaving nothing for home. That he sits on the couch to watch youtube, doesn't contribute to housework and isn't motivated for other things (home improvements, dates, even cooking). Even gaming together, our individual and combined favourite hobby has fallen by the wayside.

Unfortunately, a week or so after I raised that we had a gigantic fight where it turned out he'd been beating himself up about not doing anything else around the house -- except ... well he beat himself up instead of doing anything else!

This job is a fun challenge for him, I feel happier knowing his health is less at risk, I encouraged and supported him to take it and continue to do so... I just worry that he isn't going to find the balance. My raising it with him hasn't helped (so far). 

I'm feeling ... sad about planning nice things to do together, even just spending time together and he is too drained for it. I'm feeling frustrated that he comes home and wants to just launch into bitching about the situations at his work. I'm feeling romantically and emotionally neglected and when I raise it with him he doesn't know productive ways to process it.

I want to stress: he isn't a man-baby, he isn't abusive, he isn't selfish. He sort of has... less coping skills than many people."
relationship_advice "girl (24f) that i've (26m) been seeing wants to wait till marriage, not sure what the right move is I've been seeing this girl for a couple weeks. We met on a dating app and hit it off instantly. We chat most of the day when we're free. We've met up a couple times, and it's been nothing short of magical. She exactly gets my sense of humor. It's easy, we have so much in common. First time we met for coffee turned into a 9 hour date because we just didn't want it to end, walked around the whole city, sat down on the beach after the sunset just talking about life. It was amazing. Another time one of our post-work hangouts where we planned to go on a walk turned into us getting on a train and going to visit this town nearby that she'd never been to. Long story short - I don't think I've felt a connection like this with a person in a very, very long time, if ever. It's very likely too soon to say, but I definitely see a future with her - I guess sometimes you just feel what you do.

We haven't done anything physical yet. We were together today - another wild adventure - and ended up talking about us. She grew up in a religious family and says that it's important to her to not have sex until marriage. I feel, well I don't know very taken back. In all my past relationships, physical intimacy has been a very big thing for me. I have a decent libido, but honestly more important to me is just being physically comfortable around them. 

In my first relationship many years ago we didn't get physical for nearly a year, but when we eventually ended up having sex semi regularly, there was a definite shift in our dynamic. We'd gotten along well before but there was this newfound comfort for both of us physically being around each other. As someone who's had body image issues for much of my life, this was very refreshing for me, and I don't know if that's something I'm willing to sacrifice.

But on the other hand, I also don't know. I realllly like this girl, and I want to give it a shot. Maybe it's something I can get over because so far every time we've met each other it's been nothing but a new best day of my life. I would never ask or expect her to do something she isn't comfortable with, but it also feels disingenuous leaving her hanging on the hopes of ""maybe I'll be okay with it"". I'd hate to be strung along like that on a maybe.

I know, I know, the eventual move here is going to be having an open conversation with her. I don't plan on avoiding that. But this also feels like those once-in-a-lifetime sort of connections, and I really just want to get some perspectives from others before i go potentially blow it all up and end up regretting everything.

So I guess I'm asking, what would you do if you met someone you had an undeniable connection with on almost all levels, but she wanted to wait? Should I suck it up and let it go where it does, maybe it'll be okay? Be honest with her about how I feel now and risk ending it? Hope I hit my head somewhere and forget about this whole thing?

TL;DR: Found someone who I've connected with like no one else ever, but she wants to abstain until marriage while a physical relationship is important to me. Confusion and overthinking persues"
relationship_advice "I (21F) feel incredibly guilty about breaking up with my ex (23M), because he did absolutely nothing wrong but we broke up for completely different reasons and he suffered a lot *I'll keep it as short as possible, but will provide context in the comments if needed.*

I broke up with my ex last year about 10 months ago, we were together for about 3 and a half years. I started feeling ""bad"" (don't know how to explain it better) when we were together, almost felt like I was hanging out with my best friend and it just so happens that we kissed and all that, but nothing more. He never did anything wrong, and I'm being honest and objective 100%.

After months of trying to figure out what was ""off"", I figured I wasn't in love with him anymore. Not seeing each other regularly and having a limited time and spaces to be alone with each other (quality time or intimacy in every way) grew us appart on the end, and from what I gathered, these practical things made me fall out of love, somehow.  Can't explain it either. May I clarify, he did everything on his capacity to make up for this, but there was still a huge part of it that was out of his and my control. So I broke up with him, it was a very hard decision to make but I knew it was for the best - I wasn't in love with him but he was in love with me, this non-reciprocation dynamic wasn't fair for him. While I was breaking up with him and crying, he was comforting me, saying that I didn't do anything wrong, that everything was okay. **He, the heartbroken, was the one comforting me, the one who broke his heart -** I will never be able to forget this image. I was (and still am) very sure it was for the best, but at the time I couldn't imagine the consequences it would have on him.

He was one to struggle to cry a single tear, even when he was very sad or angry, he couldn't cry, to the point it frustrated him even more. Since I broke up with him, he carries a set of tissues with him because he cried almost daily (not so much nowadays, from what he told me). Also, the kitten we adopted (in his custody) died a few months later, so did his grandfather the same week. He got into therapy because he felt bad everyday, anxious and depressed to the point of being debilitating. His therapist recommended to block me on everything and after doing so, he sent me an e-mail saying he was very sorry for not being the person I needed, for not being enough, wishing he would've done better. I know he didn't say that just to make me pity him and manipulate me, he meant it, and I can swear by this because I know he wouldn't say anything to hurt me (e.g. the breakup comforting thing). Basically, breaking up with him made him second guess everything about himself as a partner, as a person, made his already existing insecurities worse, made him depressed and anxious... I fucked up his life after that.

I need advice to move on from this gut-wrenching guilt I have for hurting him so badly, I didn't mean for things to go this way, but it's hard to maintain this idea that ""it was for the best"" when the outcome seems to be the worst for him. Then and now, I still love him deeply, and I hate the fact that someone who ""loves"" him hurt him in this way. I can't seem to forgive myself, although I know he doesn't resent me at all (we talked a couple times after the breakup recently), this just makes me feel worse because I think I don't deserve this kind of compassion from him.

I wish I could have my best friend back, but I fucked up everything and him self, I know I don't deserve that. **I just want to feel more neutral at least**, so I can stop crying everytime I think about this and the way I hurt him. **Be frank, but also be kind, I'm very sensitive rn**. Thank you in advance.

TLDR: I broke up with him for my own reasons, he was still in love with me and the breakup hurt him very deeply, and I hate myself for making him feel like shit for months after. He doesn't deserve to suffer and I blaim myself over it, but guilt doesn't leave me alone."
relationship_advice "My 21F neighbors 25M 25F keep complaining about my kids noise My (21F) neighbors (?)M+F keep complaint about my children

I have lived in my condo for almost 2 years now, and my downstairs neighbors have continually complained to me and my building manager about my kids being “noisy” since last April. My children are both autistic and my oldest daughter has ADHD, so it is difficult to keep them at quiet activities for long periods of time. My oldest daughter also has sensory issues that lead her to want to wear shoes in the house, which contributes to the noise. These complaints happen between 1pm and 8pm, and it is not unreasonable or excessive noise. Just my daughter walking in her shoes, and the usual rambunctiousness of kids being kids. Because they have knocked on my door and complained to the manager 10+ times, I feel constant anxiety about my kids being too loud. I feel as though my kids cannot even play in their own home without having someone bang the door down. There is also a housing crisis here, and I deeply fear losing my housing as there is no alternative option. What can I do in this situation? Am I the one who’s being unreasonable? My building manager has been very understanding, but cannot stop them from knocking and I fear that after so many complaints, my landlord will get tired of the hassle. I have considered writing them a letter or just going down to talk to them, but i’m not sure if it’s too forward. 

tldr: I have 2 kids that can be noisy and although I’ve tried to reason with my neighbors, they continue to complain about me."
relationship_advice "Slowly realizing my (25F) boyfriend (25M) will only do the bare minimum. Or maybe I’m expecting too much? Hey everyone.

So my birthday was yesterday, Feb 13th. The week prior my boyfriend had been invited by his friends to go on a weekend trip to the tropics so we went. We had a great time but idk, on the actual day of my birthday he didn’t even remember it was my birthday until I had to give him like, major hints. Then he felt super bad, and he got my a drink and some food at the airport, but when we got home he just played video games.

Then today, on Valentine’s Day, he just didn’t do anything. I know he thinks because we just had a fun vacation that it suffices for everything, but I meant, idk. It wasn’t a trip meant for me, we didn’t do anything specifically for me on the trip, and literally seeing everyone’s SO get them a gift today just makes me feel bad…Honestly I lied to friends about him getting me a gift because I know it’ll sound pathetic when I explain why he didn’t get anything for me. Idk, like my parents always got me a birthday gift and a Valentine’s Day gift. I get that it’s a lot, two days in a row, so maybe it’s just not realistic for a guy to ever love me as much as my parents do? My ex was the same way…hardly a birthday gift and no Valentine’s Day gift. 

I just can’t decide if I should leave and look for someone who loves me enough to really want to celebrate me. He constantly tells me he loves me and usually I do feel loved, but idk, he could have at least got me a rose or a card….And if he already isn’t getting me gifts, I doubt I’ll get much of anything when we’re older.

TL;DR my boyfriend didn’t really do anything special for my birthday, and then he didn’t do anything for Valentine’s Day…i’m wondering, if he really loved me, would he get me something for north days?"
relationship_advice "Ex (F 25) keeps blocking and unblocking me (M 23) So my ex (F 25)broke things off with me (M 23)back in December. We started being cool again as “friends” in January and things were normal, nothing romantic even though she knows I still like her and want to try things out again. She has told me before that she has gone out on dates with other people and has made jokes about a “roster” which I don’t think she’s joking about.

Basically when things started being good again and she started reaching out first, facetiming me, calling me, sending me stuff on instagram, even sent me a sexual video, it was when I wasn’t really pressing the issue anymore. Once I started showing how I like her again and getting her small things, she started being distant again. Apart from being distant again she blocked my number last Sunday night just to unlock it in the morning and blocked my number again tonight on Valentines. She supposedly said she was going out to a dinner with her mom but I knew that was a lie from the start. My assumption is she went with she guy she’s been texting. 

So when she’s with this guy she doesn’t really text me but when I’m with her she’s always texting the guy. I now believe that I’m just being used to help her with school and take her to the gym but at the same time I want to know if she’s hiding me from him or vice versa because she doesn’t know that I know these things.

Any thoughts and opinions are appreciated."
relationship_advice "I (28f) and my partner (26m) are poly and have discussed boundaries, and I feel he violated one. How best should I navigate this? **TLDR: I was under the impression that my partner, per our discussion, would use condoms with other people, and he didn't. We had sex without me being aware of that, I feel violated, I am upset, he thinks it's a non issue and that I am controlling.**  


 Okay. For starters, I have two partners and we cohabitate. I have been with my partner D in a polyamorous relationship for about 4 years. Recently, he showed interest in dating another polyamorous girl, a friend of ours, who is in another relationship as well. I supported this fully, and was excited for him, since he is typically reserved and seemed very happy.   


 We discussed boundaries at a couple points, and the sum of them as relevant here was:  
 1)  That I didn't feel ready to have her stay the whole night yet ( they'd be downstairs, and I would lose access to the lower level of our home while she was over).  but she could come over and I would give them privacy.  
2) They should use protection.  


He and I agreed to these, I thought, and we went and bought condoms for them to use, since we do not use them ourselves. After their first date, we discussed some more boundaries, as things needed tweaking. It was not *explicitly* stated on the second discussion that he should still use protection. I assumed that boundary, and any other previously discussed, would stand in addition to any new ones as we navigated a change in dynamic. After that discussion, I thought we were in a largely good place.  


After a recent date of theirs  (and them having sex repeatedly) he and I slept together. It came out AFTER I slept with him that he chose not to use protection with her on the second occasion. He states that she has been tested ""recently"" but as far as I'm aware he hasn't seen any results. I took issue with this, because he is risking my health as well without disclosing it to me. I have told him I feel cheated on, and don't think this is okay. He will admit he made a mistake by not telling me, but states that I am being controlling by saying he should use condoms. He also says it is controlling of me not to want her to stay the night at this point, and says that how I react to what he does is not his responsibility. He also says things like ""I understand that I crossed a boundary in your mind"". He is accusing me of not having  any love or trust in him in this discourse, blaming this issue on recent stress, saying the condom issue didn't cross his mind, and implying I am being overly emotional. I asked him if he'd return to using condoms with her, so far with no reply.  


Am I too close to this? Should I let it go? What would you do?"
relationship_advice "I (23 f) don’t feel like my boyfriend (24m) is my best friend and idk if it’s a problem I’m having a bit of a hard time. When I (23f) met my bf (24m) we were both freshman and fell in love instantly. We were on and off (complicated, mostly my fault) since we were freshman in college (unofficially together 3y, officially 2y, total 5y).

There is a lot to this, but to keep it simple, I feel like I’m at a loss because I love him so much. He’s a great boyfriend, but his love language is very physical and mine is more affirmations. Aka, he constantly wants to touch me and be around me meanwhile I am all about late night conversations and emotional talks. It’s gotten to the point where I’ve asked him multiple times to chill with the touching, and that I wish he would try to get a bit deeper with me.

We have nights where I’ll ask what are the plans and he always just wants to watch TV. I read a post once where the person said small talk is the most important thing in a long term relationship because not everything is all about deep convos, but shouldn’t there be SOME deep convos? I love him sooooo much but I can’t tell if this is something that will improve with time or not? I have brought up the need for more 
emotional talks starting 5ish months ago.

For more detail, I have pretty bad anxiety. We went through a phase where he said my anxiety was “causing him anxiety.” He doesn’t like when I mention relationship problems and changes the subject pretty quickly. 


I can provide more details if people want, but basically: 

TLDR: 
?"
relationship_advice "Husband (28M) didn’t wear his wedding ring to our first Valentine’s Day outing as a married couple (25F) Just as the title says my husband forgot to wear his wedding ring to our first dinner outing as a married couple. He likes to takes his ring off when doing stuff in the kitchen which I never understood because I don’t understand how you “ruin” a ring because of that. He says he forgot to put it back on. I’m upset because if it were important to him he would’ve remembered to put it on. Especially it being Valentine’s Day for one and the fact that it was our first V-day as a married couple. He thinks I’m upset over something silly but I don’t think it’s “nothing” and it really hurts me. Thoughts?"
relationship_advice "My (19F) roomates (all 20F) never clean up their messed and I'm over it I've been roomates with two of these girls for 7 months now and the other room is being subleased this semester to a new girl (4 of us including myself all in total). The new girl is extremely messy and inconsiderate. She cooks a ton, for every meal pretty much and doesn't clean up after herself. She leaves tons of her personal food on the counter tops and never wipes things down. Prior to this one roomate, the only other roomate who cooks would generally keep things tidy, but I don't even think she tries anymore. Any time there is trash, it's left outside for someone else to get, there are always personal items in the shared spaces, recently it's been to the point where I've had trouble finding somewhere to even sit. 

Prior to this new roomate, I would clean the kitchen and it would stay clean for a week or two, now it's never clean. Literally a couple hours after I clean the kitchen will be messy or someone will just leave their dishes in the sink. Ever since this roomate has moved in, i've pretty much stopped cleaning unless i'm cooking. The problem is that I cook a ton, so i'm cooking on unsanitary surfaces and i'm not able to find a place to put pots, pans, etc. because of food sitting on the counter. Same with the sink, half of the time only a portion of the sink is usable because of dishes. The counters are never wiped down by this subleasing girl and I'm almost positive that she has never taken out the trash.

The other day I spent 3-4 hours cleaning the main area of our home, because it was stressing me out. I had to put away tons of my roomate's items, shoving their shit into piles or in a closet/cabinet. Everything was spotless. Less than 24 hours later there is laundry sitting in the main area and tons of personal items laying around. There are crumbs all over the counter and a dish sitting in the sink overnight. Food is already laying out on the counter and random towels are laying on the counters. To add insult to injury, everything in the kitchen is purchased by me and/or my roomate. I came home and her dad was working on her car, they have an entire roll of paper towels just sitting outside. I loterally just paid $20 so that we don't have to worry about this shit for a few months. She steals a fuck ton from the store and never contributes to anything. 

I guess I made the mistake of saying I enjoy cleaning, because after I cleaned the whole house yesterday she said ""It's good rhat you enjoy cleaning, that could never be me."" I have never been more livid in my life. I would say that to my old roomate, because I do enjoy cleaning, but with just my old roomate cooking I could enjoy things being clean for weeks. It's not something I really minded, but I hate being  EVERYONE's personal maid and not being able to enjoy my work. A few personal items and a couple messes here and there are no biggie, but it keeps building up to an unmanagable level.

How can I deal with this rooomate?"
relationship_advice "M19, girl is F19 In a wierd situation

I like this girl but she recently just got into a relationship. Before  she got into a relationship that we would talk everyday on Snapchat and talk in person cause we have a class together. Futhermore , before she was in a relationship we would talk almost every night on snap, and she would start the conversation. Now it has been month in her relationship. I left her on open on snap since then but for the past weeks we just have been very flirty Everytime I talk she just seems so enlightened and laughs whenever I talk.  There was scenario where I was asking one kid for something and she offered to get give the thing even though the boy was getting it our.Anyways she just snapped me out nowhere on valentines a video in class confused what I should do."
relationship_advice "What do I do M19, girl is F19? 


In a wierd situation

I like this girl but she recently just got into a relationship. Before  she got into a relationship that we would talk everyday on Snapchat and talk in person cause we have a class together. Futhermore , before she was in a relationship we would talk almost every night on snap, and she would start the conversation. Now it has been month in her relationship. I left her on open on snap since then but for the past weeks we just have been very flirty Everytime I talk she just seems so enlightened and laughs whenever I talk.  There was scenario where I was asking one kid for something and she offered to get give the thing even though the boy was getting it our.Anyways she just snapped me out nowhere on valentines what should I do."
relationship_advice "My (18M) girlfriend (18F) hurt my feelings on Valentine's and idk how to tell her I know it may sound childish to say ""hurt my feelings"" but it really did 

I brought it up to her that I wanted to take her to dinner about a week ago. She said she'd have to check her calendar. Then 2 days ago she said she would rather watch a movie instead. I was totally fine with that.

Now it's to today (Valentine's Day). I brought her a necklace and went to the store to buy flowers. I got home and arranged them nicely. I was all excited for her to come over. I texted her asking if 4 was a good time to pick her up. (I texted her at 11). She said that she would have to check. Then said she thinks she needs to go to her younger cousins basketball practice. I told her to just lmk and that I really wanted to do something with her. 4, 5, 6, o'clock rolled around and no update. Then I see she goes to her cousin's practice at 8pm. (We've just been snapping with no texting). 

I just really wished she would have told me. We didn't even have to watch a movie. Hanging out for an hour would have made my day. But nope. I don't want to keep asking to sound like a broken record. I want to tell her that I'm upset. I just don't know how :("
relationship_advice "Just some thoughts M19 ex gf F19 Breakup 1 month 
We broke up almost a month ago and it was not on bad terms, she needed to heal and did not want to hold me back, and just felt like she needed to do this alone. We have done on and off NC. Not really talking much just something every once in a while. She acts like she wants nothing to do with me and that we might as well be strangers, but yet has not taken our stuff off of Instagram and still has things and pictures that resemble our relationship in her own spaces. We are broken up but has not committed to actually moving on I guess is the words. I do not want to move on and care about her deeply. I am just stuck because she says and kind of acts one way but then there’s all these other aspects that say a different thing. She has some of my stuff and I have given her several options to return it and not look back (sort of an ultimatum return my stuff and it will be over for good.) and she has not taken it. Any thoughts on this or women that have done this from experience. It really does not make sense to me. I want to have hope we will find eachother again, because I cannot see myself moving on anytime soon. Thanks for the insight! (Plz also don’t put this ok the good ole tik tok haha)"
relationship_advice "I (27m) miss my toxic ex (26f) She was manipulative, would often guilt trip me, feel entitled to me paying for her necessities, set these rules where I wasn’t allowed to make new friends who were girls, couldn’t follow accounts run by girls even if they were travel, always had to call and FaceTime her, thought her changing her anger problems was “changing for me” and would often try to get me to “change for her since she didn’t want to be the only one changing” by giving her more of every love language, feel neglected when I’m sick with covid and sleeping all day, do things to try and make me jealous, wanted me to be insecure and worried about losing her so she could feel secure and loved, needed me to guide her through her low emotions, and wanted to be babied and told to drink water and eat, and to top it all off 100k in student debt. 

She had super heavy conversation with me early on about wanting to be married, have a house, and kids before 30 (she’s not going to be working her actual job until she’s 28.5), and was against prenups. Then later changed her narrative when I told her I’m not marrying without a prenup and her timeline is unreasonable and said she’d be okay with prenups and that she no longer had a timeline and would take it day by day.

She did have her good parts though, she was loving and didn’t find anything about me gross, didn’t hate when I slurped my noodles, didn’t care when I accidentally farted or burped. She’d ask me what she could do to make me happier a lot. She probably would be a really good partner for someone who emotionally is similar to her.

The other day she told me I’m not good for anything if I can’t be her caretaker and emotional regulator and give her constant reassurance. That was the last straw for me and I broke things off, but she cried and begged me to forgive her. I didn’t, and now she’s blocked me everywhere. It’s weird, I’m feeling a little bit of regret almost? But she was toxic and my friends and family didn’t like her. I don’t understand my feelings."
relationship_advice "How do I (23M) ask a girl (23F) out on a date without jeapordizing our friendship? How do I ask a girl out on a date, without jeopardizing our friendship?

I have moved to a new state, and have become pretty good friends with two girls I work with. Honestly, I have a huge crush on one of them. She has this natural glow of beauty, is so sweet, understanding, funny, and just absoutely beautiful. She’ll call me out when I have an attitude at work, and I love that she holds me accountable for it. My absoulte favorite thing though? She knows her worth. Women who know there worth is such a big turn on for me.

I would love to ask her out, but both of them are the only two friends I have since moving here a few months ago. I don’t want to lose these friendships. 

Me and her are flirty with each other. Truthfully, I can’t tell if she’s flirting with me, or just has a flirty personality. She’s always giving me hugs when she sees me, if we both are on opening shift she’ll sometimes get us coffee and I’ll bring us breakfast. Sometimes we’ll be doing something together, like grocery shopping, and she’ll make jokes about “how romantic” it is and I’ll joke “I feel like I should’ve asked you out on a date first.” 

Sorry if I seem to be rambling &amp; not making much sense. I really like her and want to ask her out, but I’m so nervous she doesn’t see me like that, and it’ll ruin our friendship."
relationship_advice "I (25F) am getting so anxious over my BF (30M) proposing I know for a fact that my boyfriend plans to propose in 2 months. He told me his plans and he’s told his parents his plans (with me there). He’s not exactly keeping it a secret. And I am starting to freak out. 

Our relationship has certainly has had its ups and downs. Right now we are super strong and happy together but looking back and seeing our downs is making me terrified. Not because I’m not sure (I know I am sure about it him) but what if he isn’t? What if he changes his mind? What if we aren’t 100% the strongest we’ve ever been when he proposes? 

And then on the other hand, my anxiety is also going off about what if it does happen. Will it be perfect? What if it goes badly somehow? Or what if it isn’t as magical and romantic as I hoped? 

I wish I didn’t know it was coming so I wouldn’t be panicking about it. How do I calm down about this potential proposal? And how do I work to manage my expectations?"
relationship_advice "Am I (18F) the @sshole for wanting to break up with my (21M) boyfriend for liking pictures of half naked women on Instagram ? So let me explain…I (18F) have been with my boyfriend (21M) for about 3 months now.
About a month into our relationship we were both scrolling on Ig on his phone and I saw on his feed he followed and LIKED Sommer Ray’s recent pictures. Now it made me kind of uncomfortable and I made sure to show him that it disturbed me but I let it go because I mean it’s not thaaaat deep.
He also immediately unfollowed her by himself wich I thought was a very kind reaction because it was a very nice way to re assure me.
Nothing of my knowledge happened since.

Fast forward to today, He’s been in Vietnam for about 3 weeks now on a trip with his family and we talk everyday. He is coming back in 4 days.
I’ve been feeling sick and down for almost 3 days because I think he might’ve gotten me pregnant and I’ve been experiencing a lot of pregnancy symptoms, I told him about it and how insecure I truly felt not only in my body but also about my face and that i’m trying everything to make me feel better such as excercising, skincare, gut health etc but nothing has worked because I think they’re just pregnancy symptoms.
He then attempted to re assure me by telling me that even on my worst days I look better than 90% of the girls out there and I thought that was very sweet, I proceeded to joke and say «90 ? What about the 10% thats huugeee » in a joking manner, because I know that I am not the most beautiful looking girl and there will always be someone prettier.
He replied « babe come on there ARE models in the world »
Wich kind of hurt to hear coming from my partner and especially after telling him how insecure I felt. But whatever it’s not that deep I’m sure he had no bad intentions

2 days ago, we were texting and I said something like « omg are we about to play fight right now ? 🤭 » and he said « soon baby » (when he comes back from his trip) I replied « Be careful, I will train massively I take this very seriously lol » he then thought It was funny to say « ooouuhh am I gonna get a bigger booty when I get back home ? » 
To wich I replied « Bruh, in 4 days ?! lol » and he said « Well you can get a booty pump »
So whatever I let that go too because I truly believe that maybe he actually doesn’t realize the potential harm that these comments could cause.
But tonight I found out that he follows still and STILL LIKES pictures of IG models half naked with rather spicy captions, not only popular models like even models who are not really known and come from our city. But that’s not the worst I saw that he had liked her most recent picture of her really nice umm « gluteus » (butt) area, wich dated back to… 2 days ago… when he made that booty comment.

Now it could have been a total coincidence but why would he still be liking pictures of half naked ladies throughout our relationship ? I feel like it is pretty disrespectful and I don’t do that to me so I feel it is only fair for him not to do that.
Plus it is kind of embarrassing, I don’t want to receive screenshots from my girl friends of him having liked pictures of naked girls while being in a relationship with me. Imagine him getting these screenshots me having liked pictures of guys showing off their abs in a towel barely covering their dingaling.
I also am sad because it cheapens my view of him and also I know that my dad,if he were to find out, would also be sad about the man I got myself into. Because fortunately but unfortunately my dad and mom really love him.
But I just feel so disrespected and disgusted not by him but his behaviour.
AITA in this situation ? How should I truly feel about it ?

Edit: I just want to specifically mention that these pictures he is liking doesn’t even include the lady’s face most of the time… it was only her butt… 😅💕"
relationship_advice "I (f19) have been having troubles with my boyfriend (m23) the past few days. I’m not quite sure on the rules of things but I’ll try to keep everything clear, concise, and neat. 

I (f19) have been having troubles with my boyfriend (m23) the past few days. It’s always been rocky, at some point we broke up due to what I feel was him not being able to keep it in his pants and wanting to explore. We’ve been together (in total without the breakup interference) almost 8 months. Another side note to mention, I’m two months pregnant.

Anyways, lately he’s been more prone to getting upset over little things. He doesn’t take the pregnancy seriously. I have some mental health issues, so I’m quite bipolar. Keeping that in mind, I mentioned to him that the stress of our fights was getting to me and that I was going to self harm (which I had been considering for almost the entire pregnancy so far). His response was a simple laugh and “Okay?” 

Today is valentine’s day, but not quite sure it’s much of that for me. He came home with gifts and flowers and I had been on a face-time call with my brother. I was so shocked that he willingly brought me flowers that I showed my brother. This all caused my boyfriend to get upset. He hasn’t been happy since that call. All my attempts to apologize, clean, cook, pay for anything he wants - has all been rejected advances. He and I went to the next town to get him something for his nic fein activities and he drove like a sociopath the whole time. 

I feel like I’m at a loss. No matter what I do he sees me as the problem. I can’t do anything anymore without upsetting him unless it’s submitting to exactly what he wants."
relationship_advice "I (23f) want a third cat… but bf (25m) does not Let me start this with… I live on my own right now. But we do plan to live together (hopefully, not 100% guaranteed) soon. 

I currently have two cats, and I would love a third and have already found one I’m in love with. 
I want a third for a few reasons: 
For my clingier cat to have a more playful friend, as I work a lot (multiple jobs.) 
They look very similar and it’s rare to find these kinds of cats. 
I just love animals. 

But my bf has a bad history with too many animals and doesn’t want more than 2 at a time… which I understand. 
But I also feel like it’s unfair to me as I’ve done nothing to lead him to think my home will end up anything like his mother’s did/is (an absolute mess.) 
I take great care of my home for two jobs and living alone, as well as my cats. 

I have one friend telling me I should get the cat if want to anyways, as it is my home and “it’s not like we’re talking marriage” (which, no we aren’t but we both do see our relationship going that way hopefully as that’s why we get into a relationship anyways); but others (without knowing bf’s opinion) saying that I just don’t need another cat. 

I feel like, since I do want to be with and live with my bf, a third cat just can’t happen anymore. Maybe if I had gotten her before without asking and found out too late, but not now. 
But I do really want this cat (it’s been a day and normally I forget about these kinds of things by now.) 

So, I would like opinions? 

I would continue to speak with my bf about this, but I’ve already promised to leave it alone after clearly explaining my side (and how I wasn’t like his mother) and he still said no. As we are only… 6 months into a relationship and long distance (for now,) I’m still very nervous to push anything too far and upset him at all. So, I sadly don’t feel I can do that anymore. 

What do I do? And if I should just drop this, how do I just get over not being able to have this cat I’ve already grown attached to with naming and plans to get her? 

Tdrl; I want a third cat and live alone but my bf doesn’t want me to get more pets. Should I leave it alone? 

Extra: I want a lot of animals, but I know cats are best suited for me (especially right now.)"
relationship_advice "My bestfriend[28f] is still talking to the man who raped me[25f] My bestfriend and I have been friends for quite a while now. She is a wonderful person and since the beginning of our friendship, she has been such a force in my life, there is really no one quite like her. I met the man through her, they had been friends before we met, and became friends since then. We didn’t have a big rltnshp, we would sometimes say hi as we knew each other. Almost three years ago, he raped me. I told my friend and she told me how terrible of a person he is and and how she would never speak to the man again. Fast forward to now, i recently found out they still talk. I saw text messages and they are very friendly and still maintained a good relationship. I confronted her about it and she lied and said she doesn’t speak to him. I told her I saw the messages and she said that she picks up when he calls her and texts back when he texts her and asked me to understand her position because “she is not the type of person to cut people off like that”. I feel so betrayed and so confused and so heartbroken. Why am i being asked to be understanding in this situation? What is there to understand?"
relationship_advice "M24, dealing with a long time messed up relationship with a 24f with avoidance issues. 
On one hand they look me in the eye and tell me they want me in their life forever, but then they disappear for weeks on end. 

When they’re with me, they always have their phone in their hand, but then they take days to answer. I have known this person for over a decade, we grew up together, admittedly there’s a bit of a codependence thing going on, but we’ve always enjoyed our time together and shared some pretty vulnerable moments together. All this to say, this isn’t a random person or some girl I met 2 weeks ago. There’s a lot of shared history here. 

Mind you, I’m not spamming them. If I message them, it’s always for a good reason. For instance right now, they’ve asked me to make something for them, I message them to ask about a specific detail, I KNOW they’re seeing the message, but they still don’t respond. 

This is incredibly infuriating. Especially because the info I need right now is rather time sensitive since I’ll have to order the part and the sooner I do that the sooner I’ll be able to finish the thing they’re asking for. 

I’m reaching my limits with this person and I don’t know how to go about this. They really have no excuse here. And yes we have talked about this, they say they’ll try to be better at communication, but it’s always the same bullshit."
relationship_advice "fwb/whatever (28f) revealed she doesn't really care about me (24m) So im in a weird spot. I had the day from hell today at work today (for a small taste, my manager is on leave for a bit after he cracked and threatened to hurt himself with a firearm in front of us live on camera and that was the mid point of the day) and I needed comfort. Theres this girl ive been talking to for 3 months and were in this thing where were friends but more than that and theres some baggage there and we both agreed its kinda like were testing to see how wed handle relationships because she has her issues and i have mine. So its a relationship of some kind but nothing serious.

We were kinda just chilling tonight and i dont remember what brought this up but she just kinda drops on me this thought of like she doesn't care about what anyone thinks of her or what her relationship is with them and that really the only reason why she even cares about her family is because she is obligated to. Thats heavy and it honestly hurts alot.

 I thought I was special kinda honestly because im one of only a handful of people shes ever felt comfortable around supposedly and she literally gave up a promotion out of position she hates so I could have a shot at the job I have today. She gets so fucking angry whenever someone tries to mess with me too and we spend just hours everyday sitting and talking. That doesnt sound like a lot maybe but that feels like its a lot for her and i felt like that meant something.

This all sent me kinda reeling and we talked through it and we agreed maybe tonight wasnt the night for that talk and i blame myself honestly. I know she struggles to communicate and i know shes blunt and i should have drawn the line considering what happened a few hours prior and the stress at work but i just wasnt thinking. Shes down for whatever we do honestly and will follow my lead.

I told her i need to think. Its not really about her in my mind right now. I knew what i was getting into here and I like her alot honestly. Its honestly more about me and what i feel i need and can handle and what i believe. I have a personal notion of she does care but she cant really phrase it right because her actions show she does care. With that said id like to hear others two cents on this whole situation and see how theyd continue?


Tldr: sorta gf dropped on me this idea she doesnt care about any relationships with anyone tonight but her actions say different. Im kinda lost and confused and could use an external set of eyes on this before i decide what to do."
relationship_advice "Best Valentine’s Day ever 27f 28m I did try posting this on my normal account but it wouldn’t let me. So it’s currently 3am on the morning after valentines and to say I’m heartbroken would be an understatement.

Together 6 years, 27f 28m, not once have I even received I stupid card or anything except for 1 year after he dumped me the day before and regretted it the next day once he was hungover. Then he got me a ‘sorry’ card. We don’t usually do presents but he pretty much point blank refuses to celebrate it in anyway, says it’s all created so people have to buy each other gifts and spend money.


Yesterday morning (v day) we had a massive argument because he told me I was selfish because I didn’t get up before him to make a coffee(I didn’t even get a chance to say happy valentines because he started literally as soon as I opened my eyes). This argument got blown way out of hand (he can be quick tempered and I was being reactive to him calling me names ect)this led to eventually him smashing out place up/throwing hot coffee and smashing cups because he was ‘tired’(his words) threatening to pour boiling water on me and then pushing me out of his way when I went to retrieve something that he put in his pocket. (Tobacco we share I asked for him to leave me a bit and he refused, pathetic I know)

He left for a few hours and came back home, I was trying to be civil and told him I was too tired to argue (I was still visibly upset). He proceeded to drink a fuck ton and became very obnoxious (playing his music full volume when we literally share a tiny studio, shouting and swearing) ect. After a few hours of asking him to turn it down or wear headphones I couldn’t take it so I decided to go out for a walk to clear my head. 

I came back 45 mins later and he was being all lovey as if nothing ever happened. I then come to find out he had taken 2 pills (mdma, we are recreational users but only for things like festivals ect) after drinking so much alcohol. He then proceeds to spend the rest of the night absolutely out of it not even being able to hold a conversation cause he’s so fucked up, so I spent all the rest of my valentines evening looking after him because he was so buzzed(he couldn’t see straight, could barely walk for stand up) I went to bed at about 11:30pm after him finally leaving me alone (he was constantly just trying to touch me and wanting to have sex) after asking for space all evening, and now he’s woken me up at 2am cause he’s still fucked and can’t sleep. 

The only thing he has to say about everything is that he felt stressed so why shouldn’t he be able to let off some steam(get absolutely fucked up) and then called me boring for being disappointed in the whole situation. This whole situation has potentially now cost me my new job as I’m supposed to be at work for a 9 hour shift today and will not be able to go as I have not slept at all. I recently moved away to a new city to start my life with this man and it’s just been 6 years of this stupid shit going in cycles. 

There’s so much to this but I just needed to get this off my chest. I’m currently sat in bed so upset while he’s just on the sofa trying to sleep off his comedown after he’s woken me up all night cause he’s still wired.

I don’t know if I’m looking for advice or just to vent but please can an outsider just clarify that I’m not super selfish for being upset by this whole situation? I really think this is the final straw for me."
relationship_advice "My bf (26m) didn't plan anything for vday &amp; got mad that I (27f) got upset I've been out of town on a family vacation for a week and came back on Valentine's day. I texted my bf the night before if he was planning anything -- now, I didn't anticipate us meeting up that day since I was landing that evening -- he literally texted me ""nothing"" and then said that we were going to go hiking, which is something we had planned to do already when I got back. 

The fact that this man texted me nothing and tried to rebrand our hike into a vday thing had me upset. We've been together for 6 years, we don't live together, and we've been trying to work out issues. I've been conscious of what I need to do, but he hasn't really. I know it's dumb, but flowers is something I've always wanted to get occasionally from a partner, and he's only done this twice in 6 years with me hinting for weeks prior. Our anniversary was last month and he apologized for not getting me flowers when I expressed how it made me sad that I told him how much I needed romantic gestures and he still didn't do that for me.

I'm going to post the screenshots of our conversation in a comment, my apologies for not typing a good synopsis -- tired from my flight. I do admit that I got petty towards the end -- the way he disregarded my feelings like it was nothing made me feel so worthless to him."
relationship_advice "My [32F] wife seems to hate me [33M] and I don't know what I can do about it 


My wife and I have been married 7 years and have a 1 year old daughter.

Since the pregnancy and delivery, things have been tough, especially since I had to to back to work at 3 months. She did get diagnosed with mild PPD but says she has gotten over it despite not taking medication or going to therapy. 

We have some great moments, but it's always stressful with the baby and I am a punching bag for her. Nothing I do is right, no amount I do is enough and nothing I say to justify myself is allowed. She consistently undermines any confidence I have and solely blames me for her anger and says she has no need for therapy but it's me that's the problem. She also did say that she hates that I work so much and that I have no right to be tired at all.

I'm trying to see what I can do here, but have hit a wall.  I did hope things would start to get better as our daughter got older but if anything they have got worse. My only hope is that things somehow get better when our daughter goes to childcare in May and my wife returns to work in June.  If not, I think the best option (and I say this with a lot of sadness) would be for us to separate."
relationship_advice "My wife(45f) ignores me(49m). We’ve been married for 19 years. We have a pretty good marriage in every aspect except for sex. She make no initiative and has little interest. It’s been this way for the past 12 years. I made excuses for her as I had gotten rather fat at one point (I realize now I was eating because I felt so alone) but the past three years I’ve been in the best shape of my life. She still wants nothing to do with me, however claims the opposite. When I am graced with a romantic interlude, it’s very apparent that she doesn’t want to be there, and does everything she can to make it end as fast as possible. I’ve spoken to her about this for a long time over many instances. I don’t want to be unfaithful. I also don’t want to end my sexual life at the age of 49. 🤷🏻‍♂️"
relationship_advice "I (18F) am jealous of how much my parents love my brother's girlfriend (19F) Basically the title. I hate myself for this but it's true, I'm very jealous of my older brother's girlfriend.

To give a bit of context, my older brother (19M) started dating his girlfriend ""Lily"" (19F) a little under a year ago. She's super sweet and I (18F) have nothing against her personally. She's very pretty and charming, everyone loves her and for good reason. To be honest, I kind of think she's way out of my brother's league but whatever lol.

I've always felt kind of insecure around her because she's just... so much better than me. Prettier, funnier, smarter. I've never had a direct conversation with her but that's not because I dislike her or anything, I'm just a very socially awkward person.

She hangs out with my brother in our house pretty often so I'm kind of used to her being around. I always avoid her whenever she comes over because I never know what to say to her. She just feels like a stranger you know? I don't really know much about her.

Also before you get the wrong idea, my feelings have nothing to do with her being my brother's girlfriend. I am not at all jealous about that. I love my brother but he can be a jerk sometimes. She can have him.

So anyways, I've had these feelings for a while but I only really confronted them for the first time this Valentine's Day. My mom likes to give me and my brothers gifts for Valentine's and we opened them today after my little brother got home from his basketball game. Lily was hanging out with my brother when we opened the gifts and my mom got her some presents too.

She was super sweet when she opened her gifts, always really appreciative of them and chatting a lot with my mom. I just got really insecure of how much better she is at saying things than me so when I opened my gifts I was more quiet than usual.

I try to always say something about the gifts my mom gives me because I want her to know that it means a lot, but I didn't this time. I got the feeling my mom noticed and maybe thought I didn't care about the gifts. It made me feel really bad.

I got lots of snacks and a bouquet of roses this year. My mom even got me nail polish and told me she wanted to paint my nails. I'm saying all this because I totally recognize how stupid this is, I know my parents love me and that I don't deserve it. I'm just worried that since I'm plain and boring they'll eventually focus all their attention on Lily and won't love me anymore.

I know this is wrong so how do I stop feeling this way? Please help me. Thank you.

TLDR: My older brother's girlfriend Lily was opening Valentine's gifts with us today. I got jealous at how much better she is than me and how much my parents like her."
relationship_advice "Does my fiancé (38m) like to ruin all my (35F) happy/exciting times? TLDR: Fiancé (38M) hurts (35F) feelings when he makes her wait extended periods of time. 

Every holiday, important event, dinner with others, everything he is always late or makes me wait longer than is necessary.  

Today is Valentine’s Day. Every year our tradition is to order a pizza and split a bottle of wine. Simple, easy, not too difficult. 

I suggested instead of delivery, let’s pick up the pizza. The pizza place is only three blocks away, so he calls and orders. While ordering the lady on the phone had a hard time understanding what he was asking about (it was a specific soda). While on the phone, I said to him “forget about the soda. We can see if they have it when we go in the store to pick up the pizza”. He blew this up into a 15 minute conversation over how to order a soda on the phone. I became upset that he was wasting so much of our night. 

Then he began to play Pokémon. while I was already upset, that we were wasting time that we can spend together on Valentine’s Day. I asked him what he was doing, why he was doing it, and could he do it later so we can spend time together. I guess that was the wrong question to ask him because next thing I know we are fighting and he has officially ruined Valentine’s Day from now till the end of time. The fight started at about 7pm and it’s still going (11pm)

How do I explain that this hurts me?"
relationship_advice "My wife (33F) told me (32M) while drunk I don’t satisfy her in bed While tipsy my wife recently told me I don’t satisfy her in bed, she didn’t say it in a negative way even but as a matter of fact, she said I didn’t satisfy her in bed but that it was ok because she just would masterbate and that was good by her. This has left me brutally sad, no other way to put it. For context, we have always been open about our prior sex life, and she has told me about lovers, and she has definitely not had a problem being satisfied generally, so yeah it’s a me thing. I don’t know what to do, we love each other, I know we do, but I can’t even stomach the idea of being intimate anymore, I just get anxiety and viscously sad just thinking about it, I just need  some advice"
relationship_advice "Boyfriend 22M is mad at me because I F22 didn’t post him on Valentine’s Day He vaguely mentioned how I didn’t post him on Instagram as soon as one of our friends posted their “vday post” and when I asked if he was jealous. He said replied with “yeah idk what my girlfriends doing like must be nice” and it totally threw me off because I had posted the flowers and chocolate he had gotten me but I guess he felt that I didn’t appreciate it enough even after expressing how much I loved it.. Nor did he post me? So maybe he’s just unhappy/unsatisfied in this relationship?? I post him all the time and if anything I post him the more than he does. It’s still Valentine’s Day and now we’re kinda fighting and I really have no intention of texting him first because now my feelings are hurt and his are too apparently despite his shitty dickish behavior he’s putting on me right now. “I’m not gonna get you anything anymore” “I’m not gonna celebrate our anniversary”… so I mentioned that he’s being immature which only made him more aggravated, his response being: oh maybe I’m too immature for you then"
relationship_advice "i (23m) have a crush on my friend (24f) while both of us are in complicated relationships… what do i do? TLDR: i have a crush on my friend of 7 years who’s in a complicated long term relationship. i’m on the fringe of breaking up with my own girlfriend but i feel myself catching feelings and i’m not sure what to do.

about a year ago i (23m) started to catch up with a friend of mine (24f) who i knew for 6 years at the time (we’ll call her jane). we both had a brief romantic stint for a while 5 years ago and went no contact after things got complicated. with that behind us, we both have been completely platonic with one another and have crossed no lines whatsoever. she’s been in a long term relationship filled with complications, but about 8 months ago i entered a healthy &amp; loving relationship.

flash forward 8 months and i’m thinking of breaking up with my girlfriend. however, jane and i have grown closer, we’ve confided with one another, and we both have a deep yet platonic bond with one another. we haven’t blurred any lines, but i feel drawn to her and my feelings towards her have grown.

i know she’s still in a relationship and so am i, and i don’t want to ruin our friendship either. i know if i tell her our vibes will be thrown off and we may never be friends again. i don’t know what i should do."
relationship_advice "My (F20) mom (F45) got married a few months ago. I don't particularly like him (M55) and my mom thinks I'm avoiding him and being a shitty person. How can I make things work out between us three? My (F20) single mother (F45) recently got married. My new step father (M55) is a really chill guy. My mom thinks he makes a great dad b/c he gives me allowance every month and he's paying for the mortgage. When I tried to refuse the allowance, I got yelled at by my mother for being stupid to refuse free money. Now, she wants me to call him 'dad'.

I don't hate my stepdad, but I don't particularly like him either.  I met him twice and he lived with us for a week before they got married. Apparently they've know each other for much longer than that.

My mother keeps saying I'm giving my stepdad shit and avoiding them. I haven't know him for very long.  We don't speak much and I tend to refuse things he offer me. I just don't feel very close to him.  How can I make things easier in the family, with this new additional member.

She's saying if I keep this up, they will move away together and leave me to fend for myself."
relationship_advice "i (19f) confronted my ex boyfriend (18m) about his former friend's (21m) allegations against him and he's upset, continued with an interesting interaction between him and i we broke up 8 months ago, stayed close friends after.

so i confronted my ex boyfriend about his former friend's allegations and accusations towards him, in which i didn't believe 100% because the details were lacking, but i proceed to tell him anyway because his friend has been making sexual references to me. 

he was upset, and he didn't like it when i asked ""did you do that?"", in which he followed up with ""you know i could never do that, so you think i did actually say that?"". i didn't think he would say those things about me because we were good friends after we broke up until now. his friend accused him of saying to his friends how obsessive i was after the breakup, how he has pictures and videos of my nudes, how i show so much of my skin when we video call, and how he didn't really love me because i was the only one there. 

i just think it's none of other people's rights outside 2 people's relationship to formulate a judgment whether or not they actually loved each other or not. WERE THEY THERE?

anyways, when we called, he handed his phone to his mom and we spoke yet again (i missed her so much). his mom was somewhat mesmerized by me..? she kept on complimenting me on my looks and his dad was mesmerized as well. i didn't expect to talk to his mom, let alone his dad. his mom was proud of me that i was doing well in school. she even reminded me that ""we'll still see each other"" in the future. 

personally, i think that his mom really wants my ex and i to try again. she does mention that it is quite clear that my ex isn't ready for a relationship, which i told her that he has already somewhat matured when i tell her about our interactions last december. i am quite certain that they still talk about me a lot. she looked at me and told me ""i missed talking to you."".

additionally, his friends were over at his place and he introduced me to them, he introduced me to them as his ""ex"" because he was getting teased. i didn't care about it, only two of his friends were there and one of them waved hello and smiled at me. the other friend was too occupied to say hi to me, but i am shocked that he even introduced me to them.

there's a lot to process here for me. it has been a few days since this happened, and i really don't know what to gather here. i don't know what conclusions to form. thank you."
relationship_advice "My wife (30f) of two plus years asked me (37m) for a divorce out of the blue On Monday, my wife dropped a bombshell and expressed her desire to divorce me, leaving me feeling completely caught off guard. We have been struggling with communication issues due to my ADHD and her anxiety and other mental health challenges, despite having been married for just over two years.

To make matters worse, I lost my first wife in a tragic hit-and-run accident, so the prospect of losing another partner is unimaginable. If my current wife does leave me, I'm done with love and relationships forever.

I pleaded with her to give me a chance to address any concerns she may have, and she reluctantly agreed to attend couples therapy. However, she remains skeptical that it will make a difference.

We had our first therapy session on Valentine's Day, which was a peculiar twist of fate. It seemed productive, and our therapist identified some areas that require attention.

While my wife agreed to attend four additional sessions, she has since stated that she has not changed her mind and does not believe group therapy will be of any help.

To be clear, I have never been abusive, nor have I cheated. My ADHD can make communication a challenge, and I can be guilty of laziness at times.

My wife's upbringing has resulted in her being overly defensive and prone to twisting words to fit her sensitivities. While I remain hopeful that therapy will help, I accept that even giving 110% may not be enough to save our marriage.

I have no evidence of infidelity, and I believe there is more going on behind her decision, but I am unsure what it could be.

Rejection has always been a massive fear of mine, which my wife knew all too well. She repeatedly promised me that she would never leave me, and divorce was never an option, making this announcement all the more devastating.

Do you have any advice for me?"
relationship_advice "(26f)(24m) Boyfriend thinks am psychotic My boyfriend told me about a kink he has. I forget what he called it, but it's basically fing while the other person is sleeping.I asked him if he had done it before, and he said yes, with his ex. I told him that I don't really share that kink, and he said all was fine and good and went to watch Netflix like it was no big deal.

But, I had been thinking about it for awhile; I had been in really abusive relationships in the past, and my Ex will touch me while i was asleep without asking. I didn't want to be in another toxic relationship. So I messaged his ex and asked to meet her on Instagram; we had a really nice chat, and she told me that she was the one who introduced him, but they had a boundaries (so he could do it whenever the nightlight was on.) I just wanted to hear from her that it wasn't what I thought it was. This happened about two weeks ago.

3 Days ago, when I was over at his place, he was talking to his friend, then he put his friend on speaker, and he said that he heard from his ex that his girlfriend interrogated her. He hung up on him and asked if it was true, and I told him I went to ask about his kink, and he told me that was psychotic that Why didn't I just ask him? I ended up not being able to explain (like, what should I have said? I just wanted to check if you were a rapist. ), so I went to my apartment.

It has been 2 days since we have spoken or texted, I really don't want us to be ruined over this. Is it possible for me to redeem myself here? 

Edit -  He does not know i was in an abusive relationship."
relationship_advice "I 20f am seeing a guy 23m he kissed me after the third date and I feel nothing. He’s a really nice dude and he treats me better than I want to be treated but I can quite honestly say that I felt no spark. But I feel bad like maybe I’m self sabotaging this or something. I know that you don’t instantly feel a massive mind shattering connection but After hours of calls and texts and dates I just feel like I would know if I like him like that. I feel bad breaking it off so soon but I also don’t wanna lead him on as he clearly likes me"
relationship_advice "I (F20) feel I don’t have it in me to let my boyfriend (M20) go. To start, I’m 20, my boyfriend is the same age, and we’ve been together for a year next month. I have been in other relationships, I am his first. We are both in therapy and had one counseling session together with his therapist. I have never had this deep of a connection with anyone. It feels that he is a part of me now. I’ve never let anyone so close into my life such as coming to my house, meeting my mom, my friends, etc. He had feelings for me for a long time and I was stupid for that long time. We had some problems early on but it feels that they continue to worsen. We always have a plan for things to get better and are very understanding of one another but in heated moments it feels that all goes away. These heated moments are where our deeper problems cause us to clash. I have some abandonment and attachment issues so when there’s a problem I desperately want to stay together and solve it. He is the opposite, and becomes very avoidant and shuts down, sometimes says things that hurt just for me to leave for a bit. Obviously this hurts me but what hurts the most is that in these moments he tells me he wants to leave or we should break up, that he should’ve broken up with me etc. I do a lot to push him to this point but of course it still hurts me. It almost triggers me too to keep the fight going. When things are good he is committed again. But lately I really don’t know what’s true. We spent all of yesterday and today getting each other gifts and then I had to go help my mom at her store and he came along and that’s when it all got bad. Where we were repeating those patterns. In these moments I think, you know we are not good for each other, this can’t keep happening, etc. But when it all settles down, like right now, I am making another gift and feeling so sad because I love him so much. To think about my life without him in it makes me so sick but I don’t know how to fix things. I would really appreciate some advice. It’s been a rollercoaster. What should I do or what would you do? I love him a lot.

TL;DR Our relationship has been very intense, he tells me sometimes that he wants to leave and other times how committed he is. I feel I push him to want to leave me. Regardless of these things and all we’ve been through, it hurts me to think about us just giving up and being apart."
relationship_advice "I(24F) really dislike my boyfriends(30M) friend Okay so I think I need some advice here or at least opinions. I’m on mobile so sorry for formatting or grammar issues. 

My bf and I have been dating for about 7 months and it’s been going well. One night a few months ago, he invited me out for some drinks after he had dinner with a group of his friends. They had all been drinking during dinner so they were a little tipsy. I can be pretty shy at first but I was getting along well enough with his friends however it has felt a little superficial with a portion of them. He’s got a lot of friends that are women, which I have zero problem with but there is one, let’s call her Sarah, that has been bothering me a lot. 

That evening as he was saying goodbye to everyone, Sarah grabbed his face and kissed him on the lips right in front of me. It was just a peck and honestly seemed innocent but it just really rubbed me the wrong way. It just felt so disrespectful. 

The day after when we were both sober I brought it up to him and told him how uncomfortable it had made me. He explained that she’s like a sister to him but apologized for making me uncomfortable. I was hoping that would be the end of it. 

However last weekend we were invited to a Super Bowl party at his friends and Sarah was there. I wanted to go into the party at least neutral if not open to being friends.

But she ended up really bothering me and I want to know if I’m overreacting. I got up to grab myself another drink, I was gone for about 30 seconds and Sarah had stolen my spot right next to my bf. She was literally sitting on my phone and sweater. I decided to sit on the other side of him because he can sit next to whoever, I don’t care, even though there was less room and more difficult to see the game. But then she started leaning her legs up against his or touching his back a few times. He honestly gave her no interaction back except when she grabbed his shoulder since it’s injured. He put his arms around me shortly after that and she stopped. She actually got up and went elsewhere after that. 

I understand he’s been friends with her for a long time but how she acts around him and how touchy she is just bothers me so much. She didn’t seem quite that touchy with anyone else just my bf while I was right next to him. 

Last I hear she was seeing someone and I honestly don’t think she’s interested in him but maybe jealous that I’m spending so much time with him, I don’t know. 

Or maybe I’m being extremely sensitive and jealous. I really need some outside input here because I’m really trying to not hate this girl. I never want to be the type of girlfriend that asks a partner to stop being friends with someone but I don’t know what to do now. Twice now she has made me feel so uncomfortable but then again maybe I’m just overreacting to this whole thing."
relationship_advice "We [35M] [30F] just broke up our situationship and we have a trip planned This happened on the weekend, she basically said that we couldn't do this anymore, she needs to know if we are a couple or just friends. I told her that i can't be a bf right now and she said ok, she wasn't really convinced either.

The issue is we have a trip abroad in a month, tickets are already paid off and they aren't refundable. It's a whole week living together so i don't know whether i should go or just take the loss.

I THINK i could be her friend eventually, but a month is just too little and that trip could end in disaster.

It's also the first time she leaves the country and i make around 4X her salary, i was thinking in maybe paying for her unused ticket too. Any advice?"
relationship_advice "Is it me or her (m25) (f25) My crush and I were hanging out, she dove an hour and a half to see me! I had already asked her to be my valentine beforehand and she said she would absolutely love to. She gave me a tight hug that day before leaving. 2 weeks later she leaves me days with no reply, trying to plan the day. It is normal that we don't reply to eachother too quickly, but a few days before v-day she told me that she hopes I am doing well but can't do Tues day and realized after hanging out with me that she's no at a stage in life where she wants a relationship and that she has been in too many relationships and needs to focus on her mental health but says I'm an awesome guy and had so much fun hanging out with me and hopes we stay freinds after messaging her asking to confirm so I can plan my schedule.

I said I appreciate her getting back to me.

People of reddit, does a girl doing this always mean you turned her off? I was venting to her about my job as I am a startup buissness owner renting a warehouse and very stressed. Although I did point out positive things too. I brought up I need to spend all the money I made that month to fix my tooth. She got all wotried asking whats wrong with my tooth (it chipped)

She was seeing me when she had a boyfriend she broke up with, just as friends but she seemed like she thought i was absolutely breathtaking when we met and I decided not to make assumptions about her. He behaved very hostile and agry when we met."
relationship_advice "What to talk about with the guy(26M) I(25F) am interested in I met this guy two months ago while on a vacation and found him cute. We spent the last few days of my vacation together going to beaches and long drives. We have been talking since then. I feel a connection with him, and I am not sure, but I also think he likes me too.

Both of us are very introverts, but still he would make sure to wake me up each morning with a call, text me throughout the day, and we would listen to songs each night while we fall asleep. 

I have a very happening life, and whenever we are on a call, I tell him incidents and about my day. But he does a monotonous job, and from 0600 until 2000 he is at work. Then he just comes home, has dinner and goes to bed. Sometimes he goes out partying with some of his friends at evening, or he goes for a run / swimming at morning. Apart from this his schedule is the exact same mudane activity, with sitting at a desk in a cabin for most of the day sorting through paper work.

Whenever something happens in his life he is excited to share it with me, but such incidents are like once in a blue moon. Majority of the time we call, we end up staying silent on the line, just going about out chores.

He plans to leave the job, but cannot due to a contract. Earlier he was quite a lively guy, always on some adventure. But I have already heard about all his past stories, and now we are kind of left with nothing to talk about.

I am very bad at holding conversations, and last one month we just have been on a call silent. Sometimes we plan a trip. He is trying to get a leave from work for a week or two, so that we can go on a staycation together somewhere. Apart from that I am falling short of topics to talk about. Any tips on this?"
relationship_advice "How can I(22M) change the type of women(22F) im physically attracted to? Idk why but for some reason Im really attracted to girls with very plump/curvaceous figure types. Girls that are like a level below BBW's. What I mean by this is girls that an average sized or slightly above average upper body but have really thick thighs and a huge ass.. The problem is women with body types like that get hit on ALL OF THE TIME. Is it possible to rewire my brain to only be interested in skinny girls? I seriously hate that my brain is wired this way cause girls that are super thick are always getting hit on for having a big ass so I have to compete with too many guys for the attention she gets smh."
relationship_advice "Should I [F28] let go of this friendship with [F30]? My body is shutting down and I’m confused and conflicted if I should let her go? I have this friend (F30) whom I’ve met when I first moved country. We bonded over the fact we were new and had a lot in common. We just clicked. We saw each-other regularly, spoke regularly and had great moments overall. 

She got a boyfriend and things changed. No issue at all as I understand this is normal and I’m happy to see her happy. 

Usually I’m the type of friend that goes all out. Always initiating conversation, ask if you’re okay if I notice you’re more quiet than usual. Always the one making plans to meet etc. When she told me she’s having a stressful time at work, I would leave a nice card or flowers at her door. When she was a bit sick, I left a little care package. I sent flowers during her good times and I always go all out for her birthday. 

The past 6 months in particular I noticed things have drastically changed. For one, I noticed I’m the one who does all the above. I never expect anything back but it just seems one sided. Communication has gone down drastically. She would leave me on seen and not reply back for days. You read it, it would take 5 seconds to just say “hey I’m busy I’ll get back to you”. Even if I’m not left on read and we are having a conversation, she will stop halfway and then get back a week later…
So while sometimes she does make the effort to reach out, it’s short lived and it conflicts me because it seems like she cares? 

As well as this I’ve noticed she doesn’t get happy for me anymore. Not like she used to. Whereas I’m so so happy for her. 

She lives in this fairytale bubble where everything is “perfect”. #BePositive, #BossBabe #ThatGirl. Her and her boyfriend never argue. She has parties where she goes all out and calls them “weddings to myself”. She’s the type to have a birthday month. Her boyfriend drives her around everywhere because she’s a “passenger princess”. And I guess she’s sort of like a Princess type so she isn’t wrong. 

Recently I got very sick. Medical complications where I’m in kidney failure, going blind, toxic blood, etc. 

She hasn’t visited me in hospital although t said she would but was busy and planned to. She checks in now and again but again, the conversation is cut short as she disappears. She doesn’t sound too empathetic either and sometimes comes across as rude or questioning or she keeps saying I look healthy so it’s hard to believe even though I explained I’m declining inside. She says stuff like it doesn’t make sense and why I’m not staying in hospital even though I said they can’t do much more and I’m seeing specialists. 

I understand some people can be in shock or maybe in-denial but it doesn’t make me feel any better and comes across weird to me. 

I’m conflicted because she does reach out and asks if I’m okay so it can feel like she does care.  When we meet up it seems fine but only for those hours and back to the communication issues and not seeing eachother for months unless I ask. 

I’m getting more and more sick and not sure how long I have left. Do I keep these sort of friends?"
relationship_advice "I (20f) told my best friend (22m) how I felt and he doesn’t feel the same. This is a throwaway account if it matters. It sounds pretty straightforward but we’ve been friends for 2-3 years and we were talking at one point - never made it past the talking stage and it just didn’t work out. That was about a year ago. I’m starting to develop some pretty big feelings for him again, to the point he’s on my mind half the day, I ended up telling him how I felt last night and he said, direct quote, “I do feel a certain type of way about you, however Im not letting it get in the way of our friendship.” I know that’s him shutting me down so I’m trying to get over it. Is there a way I can get over this “crush” without losing a good friend? I’ve had it for a hot minute and I only said something last night. Every time we talk, us dating is always in the back of my mind, even if it’s a normal conversation, and it does hurt talking to him everyday knowing I’ll never be anything more than a friend. I haven’t brought it up again since being shut down. I know this isn’t as interesting as half the other posts here but I’m really struggling dealing with this on my own lol."
relationship_advice "F 43 M 43 I found out my husband is having an affair. Found out my husband of 16 years is cheating on me with a woman nearly half of our age. I feel pretty broken, lost and desperate. What do I do now? Where do I go from here? How will I recover from this heartbreak? The pain is so bad it’s almost physical. Any advice would be greatly appreciated even if it’s just kind words from strangers. Lord knows I need to hear them now."
relationship_advice "my parents 60F and 70M are constantly fighting and my siblings and I always get in the middle of everything. how can we navigate this? I apologize in advance for any formatting. I'm on mobile.  

My elderly parents (F Late 60s and M70s) are constantly fighting.  They live alone and all three of my siblings and I (all adults 30s and older) live abroad, but always get in the middle of their arguments. Dad, specially, come to us to complain about mom, and it's getting worrying, because I feel he's getting depressed. Their fights are about dumb things, like dishes, food, but they are beginning to say hurtful things, like you're useless,  and the sort.
I think the fact we are all so far, and our country is an ongoing economic crisis, also affects them. They are both retired, and they get by, but sometimes can't get all they want. Also, my mom distracts herself with making crafts, sewing, etc, but my dad doesn't have hobbies and is always worrying about everything.
We are running out of ideas on how to help them get along. We are constantly telling them to be patient with one another, go out of the house whenever the other is in a foul mood, and to leave each other stuff alone.
After their last fight, my dad is now saying he wants to leave and come to live with us, but we can't do that, not financially (We all rent, my siblings have families, I make enough for myself).

So, any advice on how to talk to them, try to get them get along, and make them realize they are each other's company and person to rely on, since we are all so far away?  We send them money whenever we can, but it's not like they can get away on vacations, join some group to do x activity,  or go to couples counseling."
relationship_advice "I (31m) want to purpose to my (31m) friend with benefits who we've never actually defined our relationship. So I have a friend who I met online back when we were 19/20. We ended up getting really close and I helped him discover he was bi like me and we've been roommates, quickly friends with benefits, and then just kinda settled into only hanging out with each other because we've both been pretty different than the rural folk around us. 

We do, well, everything a couple does. We eat most of our meals together almost every time, we play games together like typical bros, we go out to restaurants just the two of us when we want to celebrate/have some extra money and we even take vacations together. 

Obviously I have feelings for the dude and he does for me, he like, wants my affection a lot and likes to cuddle (I'm aromantic so I kinda don't hit his cuddle quota tbh), and we often feel it's us against the world. 

But the kicker is we've never really talked about this stuff much. Like I was the pushy one when we were young and got frisky with him and we just started making that normal. He cuddles with me and I just kinda let him and scroll on my phone. Anything medical and we've always taken care of each other. But not one word on if we're ever more than friends until once very recently. I broke my ankle pretty bad and he's been doing a ton for me and I told him I didn't know what I'd do without him and I, on lots of pain killers, told him I wanted to marry him and he just said he wouldn't mind and I quickly retracted that and told him he should have higher standards and wait until I have more money. (I've always been kinda poor.)

Well I finally got a good job that has doubled our household income and I bought a nice ring to hold onto, because one day I want to seriously ask him, but considering we've never been defined as anything publicly but ""roommates"", would this have a good chance of blowing up in my face? 

Hell I would be fine not even getting married and just staying engaged forever. I just want him to agree to be mine and wear the ring. Is that stupid?"
relationship_advice "Ive (m21) been with my girlfriend(F21) for almost two years now. I've put up with a lot over the time but I just can't take it anymore. Ive (m21) been with my girlfriend(F21) for almost two years now. I've put up with a lot over the time but I just can't take it anymore.

Since the beginning of the relationship she's been seemingly reluctant to reciprocate love. She claims she loves me unconditionally but she spent the first 9 months comparing me to other guys and making me feel inadequate , almost seemingly on purpose. I'd spend all the way up to my last dime on her often and when I could make her feel special and she'd make me feel like it wasn't enough.

When I bought her shoes for her birthday (that she asked for ) she didn't wear them except for a handful of times. an outfit she wore once, and when i bought her a necklace, she didn't wear it. Then I also bought her a promise ring that she didn't wear... she said she wanted a name necklace because the regular diamond one wasn't her style. So I got her a name necklace and guess what? she wore it like 4 times and not ever again; that was back in like June.

Christmas 2021 she always complained about her heater being broken and how she was super cold. i had a work study job that paid $200 every two weeks and i needed to buy food for myself and she knew that. So I did and spent the last half on a heater for her. She laughed and said ""really... a heater"" and I got mad at her and she acted as if I was tripping on it. then tried to take it back and said she didn't mean anything by it. Fast forward to Christmas 2022 she was in an ocd relapse. So I got her the $219 Marc Jacobs bag she asked for, a breakfast in bed tray she asked for , and the rest was stuff for her ocd. she laughed at the stuff for her OCD and said ""really...."" again?? Then she never used the breakfast in bed tray except once when she eats breakfast in bed everyday multiple times a day and she only showed people and her family Group chat (all women) the bag i got her.

i've had 3 points where life was going to shit for me at all aspects like the worse things that could happen was happening. i told her how i wanted to commit suicide and etc - the first tine i came to her she said ""lets play the quiet game"" the second time she didn't ask me if i was okay or say anything at all or acknowledge it - the third time was same as the second ...

When I had to take a semester off from school things got even worse. She got extremely distant and seemed as if she went out of her way not to talk to me. Also her location would say she was at other places but she'd tell me she was at her room. even though my location had 0 glitches. she once got drunk and then told me how she was ""in the mood"" but disappeared for the night and exclaimed to me with all her heart that she fell asleep she had a car and i didn't at the time and she would make me feel bad about not coming to see her but she had a car and never came to see me except for once . When she came we hadn't seen each other in 8 months and she didn't even smile or get happy but I brought all the love and happiness. So then I get back on campus and it turns out she's never really just as busy as she claimed to be.

so i started being distant and obviously id express about how she made me feel and etc and she would just go to her mom and say ""MY NAME is mad at me "" ""oh he's mad at me again "" but she'd never tell her why and so her mom started calling me insecure and crazy and bipolar and jealous and literally 12 names i don't feel like typing. when I'd NEVER try to be against my girlfriend. i always ask her why she acts like she doesn't love me , why she never wants to use my gifts , and her mom told her i was crazy and to watch out for me because i was mad that she disappeared while being drunk and etc after everything else she's done. I've never threatened her a day in my life and I always approach her with compassion, but anytime I express concern

about what she does she lets her mom tell her that I'm evil and not to worry about it . So I'm like okay..wtf ...

so recently i noticed that when i'm looking at her laughing and smiling along with her she tells me to chill and that she was just playing. but then i get extremely confused and i'm like ""what are you talking about?? i'm literally smiling and laughing "" and she doesn't even have an answer or she'll say "" it's your tone"" but idk how you can have a mad tone while you're smiling and laughing i was legit confused.

every time i tell her i want to have a serious talk about our relationship she tells me midway that she's ""overstimulated"" and i'm not exaggerating no matter what angle i come to her she says she overstimulated even when i'm being as peaceful as possible .when i ask her why she treats me the way she does she says ""idk it's just my personality""

My parents have only said good things about her and think highly of her because I never tell them the bad . but her mom somehow convinced her that my parents hate her and she tells her that every time for NO reason except for one time when she dropped me off and my parents didn't come outside to speak at 5am because they were asleep. her all girls group chat of her, her aunts and her mom sent a picture of my dad and they talked shit and laughed (granted she didn't)

she doesn't try to show interests in my interest and again, anytime i try to ask her about how can we better, and how can i be better and etc she thinks its a personal attack and gets mad and starts saying argumentative words and etc but when i tell her that i wasn't trying to upset her or frustrate her she gets super mad and says ""I'M NOT UPSET , I HATE WHEN YOU SAY THAT "" but then admits like 3 minutes later that she actually was upset . She doesnt show me love in any aspect . not on an emotional level at all and she gets mad at me for asking why.

but she'll also cry and says she cares and exclaims that she trying while simultaneously getting distant whenever im down and saying its to ""respect my space"" but even after i'm better she doesn't ask what was wrong

anytime and i mean ANY time she's in a bad mood i'm there for her in any way i can be and i try to figure out what's going on and etc no matter how big or small the situation i try to be her right hand and she says i can't be there for her and she shuts me down

but will lose it if i choose not to cuddle her or if i ask her if she loves this relationship the same she'll say yes and cry and then say she's overstimulated and we get nowhere ."
relationship_advice "Being involved in cheating 29F 26F If you were with someone and they decided to go back to their ex but you’re still seeing/hooking up with them, would you tell their partner what’s going on behind their back?"
relationship_advice "Am i (19F) an ass or ungrateful that my boyfriend(20M) only got me fast food for Valentine’s Day?! My boyfriend and I have been together for 3 years. I feel like each time our anniversaries or valentines comes around the less effort he’ll put in. This year was a tough start due to an abortion I had. So I feel because of that I had set me expectations high. I have a target next to where I work so during my lunch I walked over to Target to grab a $30 Starbucks gift card along with a basket full of chocolates, and a rose. I also bought him a Valentine’s card that I poured my heart into. On top of the gifts I bought him I decided to make him feel more special by me posting him on my insta story wishing him a happy Valentine’s however he didn’t bother to post me on his story. He did take me out for food at a place called freebirds which is similar to Chipotle. I will say it  was yummy but I can’t help but be bummed. I would’ve loved a small thing of flowers. I had hinted him two days before Valentine’s what type of flowers I like too. We then went to target after eating because I needed a plan b since we went unprotected two day ago. It agitated me because he wanted ME to pay for the plan b… I feel like he doesn’t value me. Am I being dramatic or are my feelings valid?"
relationship_advice "My Boyfriend (18m) surprised me (18f) with an elaborate valentines gift and I feel horrible For context, he brought me a gift bag with 10 red heart balloons, multiple chocolates, a stuffed animal, flowers, and a beautiful 3d card with a sweet note written on it. I gave him homemade cookies, a small box of chocolates, and a written note. He had told me he had no money and therefore, was going to make me a gift and so I decided I would do the same. In the past, I have gotten him random gifts/ he didn’t get me a birthday present one year and gave me a T-shirt he already owned for the past Valentine’s Day while I gave him multiple things. I still feel horrible even though I have overdone the gifts and he didn’t match up to my effort."
relationship_advice "My (24F) life is about to change and I cant cope with it. Partner (24M) 10 year relationship. I’ve been in a toxic/abusive 10 year relationship. The toxicity and abuse is currently from both sides. I’m 24F, he’s 24M.

This is my one and only relationship. Never been with nobody else but him.

It started with limiting the people who I hung out with and talked to. I obliged, because I didn’t want him to leave me. I didn’t want to end things. 

No social media, no going out, no having friends. He “was going to do the same.” We were 16-17 at the time.

We did LD for 4-5 years. I felt free for part of the time. I went to college, graduated. I made friends, went out. I didn’t tell him about this. I still didn’t have social media or anything and would not take pictures.

He would find out somehow. He would confront me, accuse me, and belittle me. 

I should only have him and nobody else. 

My relationship with my family was almost non-existent, even when I was still living with them. 

They never liked him, never liked his control, never liked how much he made me change.

I still stayed with him.

If I said something he didn’t like, he would go no contact with me. Sometimes days, sometimes weeks. But he would always come back, and I was always there waiting for him. I always took him back.

He would come back and we would be great again. No fighting, no name calling, all good. 

This cycle would repeat itself during that 4-5 years of ldr.

He proposed to me in 2017. I said yes. Parents were not fully okay with it, but didn’t try stopping me or anything.

2019 was a very rough year for me. Grandma passed away 2 weeks before my college graduation.

2019 was also one of our worst years as a couple. I stayed at home all day, just so he would get mad. We were still ldr. I just didn’t want to risk it. Like I had done many times before.

Grandma passed, I went to IL with grandpa so he could see his daughter(my aunt). 

Fiancé (at the time) broke things off with me because I went to the US with my grandpa.

He went no contact for three weeks.

I worked those 3 weeks because I had no money to care for myself while at my aunts.

He didn’t want me to work, so I didn’t tell him I was working when he came back from no-contact.

I turned 21 while at my aunts. Went to a party with my cousin. Felt like an outsider the whole time because I had never gone to a party.

Never did drugs but got offered a blunt at the party we were at. Hit the blunt, felt like shit and never did anything again.

I never told any of this to him. He found out and planned for me to go and vacation with him to the US. 

I knew that something was not adding up because he would bring things up that would “show” that he knew about my trip to the US.

After being with him for 2 weeks (vacation) he snapped. He went through my phone, found convos with my cousin about the party, and my job. He broke my phone. This was also the first time he hit me. 

I had no phone and had no way of communicating privately with my family. This vacation was during the first wave of covid, so my flight got cancelled. This affected my stay with him. And made things worse.

My arms were covered in bruises. My legs too. He would then take care of them, by massaging and applying creams to make them go away. He would take care of me every time he hit me. The beatings stopped after a week.

Since covid had cancelled all flights, i couldn’t leave the US. I stayed, things got “better.” For him it was perfect, because now I had nobody but him. No family with me, no friends, no phone, no outside world.

He started being his loving self again. I ended up staying with him even after I had the possibility of going back home.

I ended ip getting a job here again, I’ve been working at this job for 1.5 years. 

During these 2.5 years that I’ve been living with him, I found out that he was cheating emotionally.

He would ask his friends for nudes, insinuate things to them, and much more. As of today, I have not found out if he has been physically with any of them. He did not know this until last night.

I developed trauma-bond. I can’t leave him. I just don’t know how. And the thing is that I also don’t want to leave him.

I know I have to do it. I just can’t bring myself to it.

Last night we had a fight, i blurted out everything I knew he has done. Wondered if I just wasn’t enough. He claimed to have tried to fix the relationship in these 2.5 years. I snapped at him and asked him if fixing meant “to be in an emotional relationship with someone else that wasn’t me.” I told him that I was disgusted by his actions and that he disgusted me. 

He complained about me crying, i told him I wasn’t crying about him, but about me and how I had lost myself for trying to change for him so he could love me.

I’m a whole mess. He complains about how I go off on him so easily and how I try to control what he does. He says that I am not the same person who got in this relationship with him. That there’s nothing left of who I was

Like shit I was never like this. I was not controlling, I was never monitoring him, I never limited him, never. NEVER. Like this is what he made me. 

Who does he expect me to be? Which side of me those he want today? What side tomorrow? 

Fuck I feel like im walking on eggshells every. fucking. day.

Keys in the wrong spot. Closed the door to hard. Stepped on creaking tile and made noise. Showered too long. Too much being on my phone. The music i listen to. If i have to work early. If i have to work late. Like fuck i just want to not have to calculate every single thing I do.


I just wanted him to love me. I stopped loving myself while waiting for him to love me."
relationship_advice "My (31F) bf (29M) hasn't mentioned Valentine's Day... I've been with my bf for several years now. He almost never says anything for any holidays/birthday, so I'm not really sure why I'm upset in the first place when it's what I expected from him. But, holidays and birthdays are important to ME, and he knows this. He still chooses to not acknowledge these days at all. Like. At all. I don't expect gifts or anything like that (in the past his excuse was it's just my money he'd be spending anyway, because I work and he stays home with the kids, as that's what works best for us), but SOME sort of acknowledgment would be nice, like today maybe just a little 'happy Valentines day', either irl or even just text. I know I could say it first and maybe I'm being petty by not initiating it either, but knowing he basically just doesn't care either way is taking it out of me lately I guess. I don't know if I should just suck it up and get over it, or if it's something I should actually bring up?"
relationship_advice "Should I (33f) try to revive dying friendship after fallout 2 years ago with (28f), or let it run its course? I’ve always been that background friend in this group of girls for 6 years, and had fallouts with 3 of the girls altogether now. The last fallout happened 2 years ago, which I often feel depressed about.

Back then, she and I only just started getting closer after 4 years knowing each other, as we connected over our break ups happening at the same time (our ex were mutual friends of the group). I started getting more invites to smaller, more exclusive hangouts, and reconnecting with the group too.

The thing is, a few months after we started getting close, she needed a housemate, and asked my ex to move in, and he agreed. She only asked me after if this was okay. This upset me, but at that point, I felt it was not my place to say anything. Now I regret this.

I think it influenced my next actions. I have been good friends with her ex for a long time, and we would hang out even more at his house. One day he eventually hit on me, initially I let him but then made him stop.

She found out and was upset at me for putting myself in that situation. Well, I was upset at her for putting herself in that situation everyday, but I thought saying this would not help things. Again, I regret this.

My ex and I eventually got back together. Since he and my friend were still housemates then, it led to us talking more. It started to feel warmer, but yet still superficial and there's always been some sort of wall between us. We started hanging a little more as groups. Though I invited her to yoga and dinner, she ended up bringing a friend. I was hoping we could progress to having one on ones.

I’m wondering if it is worth it though. To be honest, I’m not sure if I have moved on from what happened. I spent all this time being guilty for my mistake of hanging with her ex, that I have not had the time to forgive her, for having my ex (bf again) move in with her... Even though it sort of brought him and I back together. They are no longer roomates due to her partner moving in, and it has always been platonic between her and my bf.

I don't want to always wonder if I should have tried harder, and asked for that one on one. But even if I do, I don’t know if it can be as good as what it was, with her or with the group.

I know I need to either make a change, or just let it go and move on with my life. Redditors, do you think this friendship is salvageable? Or should I just let it go?

TL;DR Should I give up on a friendship that has been dying for 2 years already, since we both betrayed each other's trust. I've spent more time feeling guilty, that I haven't had the time to forgive her, and have not even let my feelings properly be known. Is it too late now?"
relationship_advice "My [25m] partner[25f] is upset that I told her she killed my car battery Tl;dr my gf killed my car battery by accident and instead of taking responsibility for it, insulted me instead by calling my car ghetto. Now i refuse to talk to her and she’s holding a grudge. 

I had to go to an interview and I admit it took longer than expected, but I got the job. She was waiting in the car for me, and turned off the car, but continued to use the battery to charge her phone + do whatever else. I come back and my car is dead. Frustrated because I’m now paying $100 to get my car jumped, but knowing it was an accident, I told her that I know it was an accident but for next time keep the car on so it doesn’t die.

She immediately got defensive and told me to not tell her “how to behave”, and that I “shouldn’t have a ghetto car”. Mind you, my car is a 2019 top trim toyota with 30k miles on it…. I calmly told her it’s not ghetto… I work hard for this car and it died because she left the battery on. 

I’m annoyed and ranting here, and also don’t know what to do. I haven’t talked to her since and she isn’t making an effort to talk to me. It wasn’t the fact that she killed my car battery but that she insulted me."
relationship_advice "should we (F26, M25) try Couples apps to strengthen our relationship or should we just end things? My boyfriend (25M) and I (26F) have been dating for just over a year now. Things were good in the beginning but I feel like the honeymoon phase has worn off and I don't feel like we have much of an emotional connection anymore. I feel rather neglected by my boyfriend, we don't see each other as much as I thought our lives would be at this point in our relationship. I've been ready to give him a key to my place but we spend 90% of our time at his place (due to allergies), so I haven't done so yet. Our lives at this point are very separate, to the point I feel more like just a friend than a girlfriend. Our quality time together is lacking and our emotional connection. My boyfriend is constantly trying to have sex with me when we are together . . . Which has been a major turn off lately due to our lack of emotional connection - I feel like I'm just a sex object to him vs an actual person with feelings. I got some upsetting news this weekend and I shared with my boyfriend, he was comforting as soon as I told him but as the hours went on he made advances to try to have sex with me - I was obviously not interested. There seems to be a number of things that I can 🚩🚩🚩 lately with his actions. 

I'm very close to being done with this relationship with how I feel but I'm wondering if trying some couple apps to bring us closer would be beneficial to our relationship. It's only a year old relationship, should be really need couples apps to bring us together already?"
relationship_advice "My [29f] abusive ex [30m] apologized and I feel so weird. He was my first love, we dated for 3 years when I was 16-19 years old. The first year was very cute and sweet and all that, but then all of the sudden something changed for him. Not sure what exactly, but he became coercive and possessive. He would tear down my self esteem, stalk me and track my movements, threaten to kill himself if I didn’t do XYZ, lock me in his car and drive recklessly until I agreed to sexual favors, broke into my house, and more.

I went away to college and didn’t come home for 2 years. He continued to stalk me on social media for an additional 4 years until he got married. Now it’s been 10 years, and I am still in therapy for the stuff he did to me. 

I started an online business a few months ago - this is the first time I’ve ever been publicly searchable online. He emailed my business email with an apology. It was specific, it was not self serving, and it reads like the work of someone who has either A) gone through couples therapy or B) is going through some sort of recovery program where you have to make amends. Basically, it’s a solid apology. 

I feel really weird now. On one hand, I feel validated that I really did go through some shit, and that even HE knows it. On the other hand, it brought up a lot of memories and feelings that I thought were behind me. You know how it is with “first love” and stuff, the good parts hold a special place. But the trauma from the rest of it is so jarring. And I’m suspicious of this and nervous because I spent so long being anonymous - I didn’t want him to know about me or my life, but now he knows about my business and what city I live in.

My boyfriend is understanding but doesn’t really get how complex the feelings are. So I’m not sure who to talk to and what to do about how I feel. I’m not sure what I’m asking for from this sub. I think maybe I just needed to scream it into the void. 

Advice appreciated."
relationship_advice "My (26 F) husband (29 M) cancelled Valentine's day plans for his friend, then changed his mind, but I said no. Help? &amp;#x200B;

Alright, Reddit, here's the situation,

So  about a month ago, my (F 26) husband (m 29) made plans with his buddy.  This friend of his lives in the next city over, little over an hour's  drive away. He made plans for Monday, his day off. Then he got news that  his schedule at work would change and he'd get Tuesday off,  Valentine's. So he called up his buddy to reschedule to hang on Tuesday.  Keep in mind, he goes over there, like, once a week ish.

Later  on he asks what I want to do for valentine's day, since he has the day  off. I was happy he wanted to do something special, so I asked if we  could get a banana split at our local fast food place. He agreed, and I  let him know I was excited.

Well,  then this morning he tells me he had forgotten today was Valentine's  day, said he had scheduled to go to his friend's place for the day, and  that he wouldn't be able to grab a banana split with me. I think it's  also important to note, with our work schedules we don't see each other  very often.

Now, obviously this  hurt me. He prioritized his friend over me, again. This isn't the first  time that's happened, and I didn't really try to hide my disappointment,  but I half expected him to bail on our plans, since he does, like, half  the time anyway.

About  an hour or so later he came back into the room and said he felt guilty  and kind of bad and was considering cancelling his plans with his  friend. I told him the damage was already done, and honestly, I didn't  really want to go out anymore. He got really upset at that, and he kept  asking me what he could do to make it up to me. In my mind, he already  showed where his priorities are, and I'm only option 2 for him, so I  couldn't really think of a way for him to make it up to me. We are on an  extremely tight budget for at least another month, so there's basically  no extra money to do anything.

Is  there more I should have done? He still ended up cancelling his plans  with his buddy because he's going out of town tomorrow for a few days  and has to get up early. I don't know what I could have said. He was  feeling guilty, but I don't know how to fix that without compromising my  own feelings.

He  asked how to make it up to me, and I asked him to prioritize a marriage  course we'll be doing for a few weeks coming up. What more should be  done here? Please help me sort out what I should do, or maybe what he  should do.

TL;DR:  Husband cancelled V day plans for his friend, then felt guilty and  wants to reinstate V day plans with me, but I'm too hurt to go. What  should I do?"
relationship_advice "26m 24f The relationship is complicated throughout this time It is certain the relationship has ran its course though as the relationship has progressed it is complicated. The relationship has to be considered though as the relationship continues any thoughts are complicated. The relationship is something to consider though it is not able to process throughout this time. The relationship is not certain throughout the relationship though it is something to consider throughout the relationship. If the relationship continues there is plenty of things to consider though any thoughts are complicated. The relationship is uncomfortable throughout this time, any thoughts are busy. The relationship has ran its course."
relationship_advice "I (18M) can't maintain my erection with my GF (19F) when doing foreplay I get morning wood every morning, get boners some time in the day especially when I'm with her or while im cuddling with her. But the problem is I can't maintain my erection when kissing and doing foreplay with my girl. (we rent a 3 hour room on a hotel and only do it there because we don't have any other places to do it). 

We get drunk first before doing it and I get an erection sometime in the middle of our kissing and while I give her oral but I can't maintain it rock hard all the time. 

Also, when we are about to have sex, while I try to put my condom inside my erect dick, it softens while im putting the condom like wtf. 

I get boners when cuddling with her like in her house, cinema and stuffs but I can't maintain it while we are on bed."
relationship_advice "My girlfriend (24F) says she loves and hated me (24M). So my gf (24F) and I (24M) have been dating for a year now. Everything has been great until quite recently I realized she was falling back. She didn’t seem present in the relationship and was acting like she didn’t wanna be in the relationship. Communication started dying slowly no matter how hard I tried to keep the spirit up. 
She wouldn’t call if I don’t, she wouldn’t text if I don’t. She still used to come over though. 
Eventually after trying to figure out what was going on, I decided to confront her about it and she told me she needed space. Eventually she said she hadn’t healed totally from the hurt of her past relationship and it made her bitter so she needed to heal and I needed to give her space to do that. I understood her and gave her that space. We’ve been in touch once in a while. Nothing physical cuz she said she didn’t need that so our relationship is purely platonic although we’re still together. Fast forward, it’s been about two weeks now and she got in touch. We got talking about the situation at hand and through it I asked if she still loved me. And her response was “I care about you”. That got me real scared so I asked what she meant and she said sometimes she loves me, sometimes she hates me. But she cares for me. I don’t know how to take that and I don’t know what to do. It’s really hurting me inside."
relationship_advice "My [M19] Partner [M20] won’t stop acting like a physical embodiment of TikTok I (M19) have been dating my boyfriend (M20) for 3 years now. Let’s call him Sam. Our relationship is pretty good, we do have our arguments and misunderstandings but always move on past those issues swiftly. He’s usually great, literal man of my dreams. There’s just one thing.  
Recently; He acts like a literal embodiment of the average tiktok for you page. Don’t get me wrong, I hop on tiktok a lot too and it can be pretty funny. But he literally acts how a lot of people act on tiktok if that makes sense?  
For example, off the top of my head a while ago we were out sitting at a cafe and someone said something about, i dont know, lemon cake not having actual lemon in it or something? it wasn’t that that caught my attention, but rather the fact my boyfriend pointed a finger up and loudly exclaimed, “um, akhsually!” and the guy just kinda looked at him weird I don’t even know if the guy knew Sam was making fun of him though but Sam proceeded to laugh and didn’t even seem phased.

Like, I’m wondering if it’s actually that weird to occasionally make a weird or awkward joke, but it’s happened a couple times now, and it’s starting to bleed into every one of our conversations. Yesterday I was petting Sam’s hair and telling him how he looked so handsome and gorgeous and how lucky I am to have him etc etc just very romantic genuine things and he literally said “No cap?” in a cartoonish voice and wouldn‘t stop just making jokes he’s seen off tiktok. I actually was looking to take things to the bedroom, and I’m fairly certain I made it obvious and normally he’s not adverse to it at all (he had been away for around two weeks to visit his family, so I’ve been kind of waiting for the right moment to initiate something) and he seemed to just ignore my hints and all my tender affection aimed at him to just make the most random tiktok humor jokes and cringe humor? Like he kept finding random zoomed in cats and showing me them and laughing hysterically saying random meaningless or incoherent words, it might be funny but I was hoping we could at least have cuddled a little?

I felt a little selfish to ask but I did ask him if we could spend some time being lovey-dovey and snuggling, but he just said “I love you” and proceeded to continue?? Help??????  
We haven’t been able to meet up as much lately and honestly right now it doesnt even feel like I’m dating the same person, I feel like he’s been possessed by a tiktok demon or something (jokes)  
Right now I’m in bed writing this, and the entire time we spent together today and yesterday passed with him just making jokes I didn’t find funny but laughed at anyways. I suggested so many times and hinted so many times but??? I think he started doing it ironically but maybe he can’t stop anymore??? I’m so stumped

TLDR; My boyfriend won’t stop making Tiktok Jokes when I’m trying to have quality time together."
relationship_advice "How to Get Into a Relationship? (21M for 21F) I’m currently 21, just graduated college in May, currently working a 9-6 job and haven’t dated irl since high school. Most of my dating history has been long distance (including my most previous relationship) and I just feel lonely. Throughout college, I didn’t really socialize, not because I didn’t want to but I didn’t have the time and I just couldn’t seem to hold conversations with people. I don’t really have a lot of friends so I don’t exactly know where to start. I live decently far from my job (1 hour commute) so I don’t know when I have the time to do anything. I honestly just need some direction as to what I should do to potentially start a relationship because I feel like all the girls that I know that I am interested in are taken already and somehow magically recover from breakups at light speed, finding someone else."
relationship_advice "Interpreting a confusing breakup (24m and 24f) So, 2 weeks ago. My ex(24F)and I(24m)parted ways after dating for 7months. We were watching a movie together when I leaned over for a hug and got nothing back from her. I told her that it feels like I had to beg for her affection. She sat up and said she didn’t know how to meet my needs, and she didn’t even know how to meet her own. I asked her how long she felt like that, and she said that it’s been a little while now. 

*It hurts that she didn’t feel safe enough to come to me to speak about these issues. We’ve hadn’t been on the same page for a while because of things going on in her life and we never were able to have the hard conversations. 2 weeks prior to ending it, we had a traumatic experience at a car dealership and she said summarized, “I don’t see a future with us, I don’t even see a future for me. I can’t see myself getting into medical school, etc.”*

I asked if a break would help and she didn’t know… so I said there’s only one option left which was ending things. As I was packing up, she said.. and it still rocks me, “Am I making the worst mistake of my life?”. 

*For me, I felt like I gave it my all.. that I left everything on the table because that’s who I am. I did not want to end it there with her because she has so much potential, and l wanted to be there for her while she tried to figure it out. I was not perfect myself in this relationship, I’m anxious attachment (she’s avoidant but I didn’t know until after) and spoke about working on it but it was very hard when I couldn’t get my basic needs met.. like plans in place before the day of, having to beg for time to see her over her busy schedule, dead bedroom.. etc.

I tried as best as I could to keep it together before walking out, kissing and crying and holding each other as tight as we could before I drove off crying my eyes out. I didn’t want it to end but she felt she needed to be alone because she hasn’t fully healed from all her trauma.

We texted a little bit, with me not wanting it to be over and asking for some time apart before coming back (I sent her the relationships line graph, about two lines together going apart and coming back together, and she said “It very well could be).. and that’s the truth, I didn’t want it to be over but I could see it in her that she wanted to be alone. She said it’s Right person, wrong time.. which I told her I didn’t believe it.. I personally believe in right person right time, and if there more then one time, that’s a blessing. We were texting afterwards and she said this about a break, “I think we should continue to look at it as a breakup because I really don’t want you (or even I) to get our hopes up with the potential of us getting back together. I know that’s hard to hear and I don’t like saying it either but it’s probably best so we don’t end up hurting even more if that makes sense. And like we said, we shouldn’t wait for eachother, it’s not fair to either of us. I just don’t want us to think about giving eachother another chance right now..because then it just brings false hope into everything.”

It’s been two weeks of no contact, I’ve removed her off everything.. I know it’s best that I move on too, but I know I love her and a piece of my heart will always be with her. I struggle to let go of things that mean the world to me, and the hope that one day she’ll come back is so hard to reject.

Tl;Dr girlfriend and I parted ways, still shaken up about it."
relationship_advice "My boyfriend (20M) doesn't like or want to travel with me(20F) but it is my dream. Should this be a dealbreaker even though I love him very much. I'm a 20 year old female in college (20F), and my boyfriend (20M) lives back home and we have been doing long distance; we see each other all the time during the summer and every few weeks during the school year. We have been together for about 1.5 years now. We love each other very much. However, the longer I'm with him, the more I realize how different our future goals/values in life are, which may be an issue later on? I have a great urge to travel and expand my knowledge culturally and socially. He does not. I've asked him several times about traveling together in our future and he has no interest; simply says ""you can go, I'm not wasting 2,000 dollars, I have no interest in seeing ""\_\_\_\_\_\_"" and blah blah because he'd rather by tangible things, but I am the opposite it seems. I mean ultimately my gut tells me this will come up again in the future and may cause an issue. Also we've had other issues unrelated to this relating to trust (my fault) and we almost broke up but he decided to stay with me and we worked past it but I am very weary on not making him upset so I have learned to put my own feelings aside for him, because I believe I owe him that much. Now, I'm starting to realize how important this traveling topic is to me. I feel that I'm young and I want to see a lot of the world and I always thought I'd have a partner who felt the same, so obviously this is extremely disappointing to me because it seems that he is more of a home person. I would hate to be stuck in the same place my whole life, my own personal opinion. If anybody could give thoughts as to what I should do, I would gladly appreciate it . Please and thank you very much."
relationship_advice "I [19M] Need Advice on Forming a Friendship [20M] I won't disclose his exact age but he is in his early 20s. I made a bit of a fool of myself in front of him and his coworker. I am coming to Reddit for this now because I have seen some people on here with genuinely good advice.

This was a very unexpected crush that I grew a little bit ago while he was simply doing his job. It is a customer service job he has and it is a place that I went to often before he started working there, at some point though I started going there less frequently because of my own job and just not having the money to always buy snacks. One day, in either late December or early January, I went there to get gas. I struggled with the particular pump I was at so I had to go in, and there I saw a new face. I felt attraction but I had to leave quickly after and also to let him do his job. I did end up forgetting about it all until this month where I saw him working. I went with my mom's boyfriend to get a drink. When I saw him I actually felt like starting a conversation with him, but I felt I couldn't in front of mom's bf.  Feeling the urge to talk to people I don't know is unusual for me, I have always been extremely introverted and shy. One fateful year though did make it much worse, in which I won't go into detail but I will say that I started having trouble with basic speech.

So on Monday, after driving around and after eating at a cafe alone, I stopped by to see if he was there. Oh and yes, this place is local to where I live. I did not see him so I assumed he wasn't there, started to talk to this other cashier (Do you talk to \[insert the crushes main feature\]?) but then my mind completely blanked out after she answered. It took me a good 2 minutes to finally come up with another question, ""How old is he?"" Quite the weird question to ask right off the bat, I agree. I wish I recited all that I want to ask instead of letting other thoughts fog my brain. Cashier went over behind a rack not too far away and asked him. That is when I realized he was, in fact, there. I was the only customer in at the time so he could have heard it all.. My weird questions and me struggling to speak. I went over there embarrassed, complimented him and he responded. I said something else that I do not remember and I then decided to just say BYE and leave.

It was very embarrassing and I felt like a weirdo and a creep. He seems cool and I would want to be at least friends with him, of course if he would be okay with that. Friends are good enough with me since I don't have any in person friends anyway.

&amp;#x200B;

So, what should I do? How do I approach him next time? Do I forget it all and pretend it never happened, just live like a pitiful loner who doesn't try? I thought about waiting a week, which would be the next time I need gas, and apologize for how I was if he remembered it and if he was there at the time. Of course properly apologize, not stutter and make it weird, but is that even the right call? That interaction could already have been another failed attempt to make a friend.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: I formed an unexpected crush on a service worker and I embarrassed myself on my first attempt to get to know him and left. I might have came off as a creep, and most definitely a weirdo. What should I do? How do I approach him next time and in a better way? Do I forget about it and just let him be?"
relationship_advice "My [31F] boyfriend [33M] of 2 years suddenly planned a trip overseas and spent Valentines Day with another woman I really can’t believe I’m typing this. 

A few weeks ago, my boyfriend and I had an argument about our relationship. He said that he felt like I didn’t care about him and that I wasn’t making enough of an effort to include him in stuff with my friends. I agreed to an extent with what he said and we took a few days to cool off before talking again. I took him out to dinner and told him that I wanted to do whatever I could to make him feel more secure in our relationship, and laid out some concrete plans. He seemed satisfied. 

On the car ride home though he told me that he was so mad at me after our fight that he’d booked a trip overseas for three weeks, because he wanted some time to himself. I was pissed. He said he knew it was impulsive and that his fight or flight kicked in. Plus he’d had to cancel an overseas trip because of the first omicron wave, so he said it made sense and that it wasn’t totally crazy for him to go, but I felt totally blindsided. I felt like he was trying to make me feel bad. 

Anyway, he left last week and we’ve had very little contact since then. I’ve been following his trip on his Instagram stories. Today he was in a different city than the one he’d been in. I got this weird feeling. I knew that there was a woman I’d seen him messaging with before who lived near there. I went to her Instagram and… sure enough, they were spending the day together. 

For some background info, in the first year we were dating, I confronted him after I saw him exchanging messages with hearts with a woman I didn’t know. After I confronted him he said that she was an ex and that he hadn’t done anything with her, but he did admit that he’d gone out on a date with someone but that nothing happened and it was a one time thing. I told him that I would let it go just this once but this has colored the rest of our relationship. He also told me over the summer that his most recent ex who he sees at least once a month still had no idea we were dating and that he didn’t have plans to tell her because he wasn’t sure how she would take it (it’s been over two years). 

Fast forward to last week and he’s covering his phone when we are together when responding to some messages. I let it go because I’m not particularly interested in starting another fight before he leaves. 

So, I guess the reason I’m posting is because I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what to make of this.  Is he cheating? Am I crazy? I haven’t felt this way in a long time and I am really at a loss."
relationship_advice "26m 24f The relationship is not possible to be considered throughout this time The relationship is known to have ran its course though any thoughts are complicated throughout this time. The relationship is not able to be something to process. It is complicated to have any thoughts though it is known the relationship is not able to be considered. The relationship is not possible. It is complicated to have any thoughts throughout this time though any thought of a relationship is disappointing throughout this time. The relationship has to be considered though a relationship isn't certain. The relationship is not positive. It is complicated throughout this time though is certain a relationship can't be something to process. The relationship is complicated though has to be considered."
relationship_advice "I M-21 might lose my virginity to a F-20 We are in relationship and we are going to have sex for the first time finally. Please provide me some tips to stay longer as a fear i wont. And i m a bit nervous too. Please guide me through your experiences."
relationship_advice "Guy (40M) I’ve (36F) been dating for two months asked me to “save the date” to hang out on Valentine’s Day 2 weeks ago. He didn’t make any real plans in advance and around noon today suggested we hang out at my place and order delivery food. Guy I’ve (36F) been dating (40M) for two months asked me to “save the date” to hang out on Valentine’s Day 2 weeks ago. We have been seeing each other 2-3 times per week and a few weeks ago committed to exclusivity (I initiated). No intimacy yet but he’s definitely hinted at it frequently.

He didn’t make any real plans for the big V day and finally around noon today suggested we hang out at my place and order in delivery food. “Not a good night to go out because of the rain. Let’s go out this weekend instead maybe.” 

We live in a major city with plenty of restaurants at all different price points. It is unseasonably warm here…rain was a light drizzle, and not a real excuse at all.

I got so frustrated and didn’t want to make things worse so just stepped back from the situation and texted him “hey drowning in work. Since we don’t really have plans, want to just go out this weekend?”

Trying to also hint that I’m frustrated that he didn’t even try to make plans. But maybe my expectations are too high? Looking for thoughts on how I should interpret this situation and next steps here! TIA!"
relationship_advice "My (28F) partner (35M) didn’t do anything for me for Valentine’s Day, just made excuses, and didn’t take me being upset about it seriously My bf and I have been dating for 3 years living together for one. He’s not a romantic but the first year or so we dated he put in effort, was thoughtful, randomly think to pick up a dessert I like on the way home from work or something. Our first Valentine’s Day I told him that to me making an effort on Valentine’s Day and my birthday is important to me (I also put effort into these two days for my partner). I actually ended up making the reservation the first Valentine’s Day together and he got me chocolates. The second Valentine’s Day he was really resistant to doing anything even though I asked because he said he was stressed from work so I dropped it and we ended up doing something a couple days after and he got me flowers. 

This time I didn’t mention Valentine’s Day because at this point he knows it’s important to me. I went out and got him a card and his favorite foods and cooked one of his favorite meals for dinner. He didn’t make any plans but I expected he’d at least stop by the store on the way home and get flowers. But when he came home from work today he was empty handed. I brought it up and asked why not and he said because he just didn’t get them and it shouldn’t matter what day he gets me flowers and I said you didn’t think to stop by the store on your way home and he say he did think about it and I asked so why didn’t he do it and he said he doesn’t know

I told him that was a really lazy excuse and he kinda tried to argue with me about it and said we’ll I got you flowers for no reason two months ago (after I told him I want flowers)

To be honest this makes me feel bad and not important enough. Especially on top of the other ways he has stopped putting effort into the relationship (barely gives me physical affection, doesn’t initiate sex anymore, tries to hand off all the housework to me even though I work two jobs) and his lack of trying to make an effort specifically on the things I’ve communicated are important to me. Basically if it’s not important to him too then he doesn’t even think about it 

He did something similar two birthdays ago when I made reservations for my birthday dinner and the day of my birthday he told me I should cancel them because he wanted to visit a co worker in the hospital (who literally was only there for a broken arm) and do extra work and when I told him how that made me upset he was just silent"
relationship_advice "Do I (23F) have the right to be angry at my boyfriend (33M) for not spending Valentine's Day with me? So for context, by boyfriend and I are a long distance couple. We have been for three years. He lives on the exact other side of the world to me. Typically we talk daily either though a voice call or a video call. He also works completely remotely so he never goes into an office.

Right now my boyfriend is spending 3 months in Japan. This had made our scheduled even harder to line up, but I've been trying to be understanding and patient with the situation. This morning he woke up when it was already 7PM for me. He said good morning and Happy Valentine's Day and then said that he had to get started on work. I said Happy Valentine's Day back and he said that after work he was going to go spend the day at Akihabara because he didn't want to spend the day at home again. (He stayed home yesterday but was out at a shopping center the day before.) I was confused as he didn't say anything about this before, so I asked him if we would be spending any time together today. He said that we could talk on a voice call for a little less than an hour while he finished work and started getting ready. I told him that it was a good idea as in the past we have decided that talking while he is working is too much of a distraction and makes us both frustrated. I told him to just enjoy his day and told him Happy Valentine's Day again. I'll admit that my messages were getting a bit passive aggressive at this point. After a little while he asked if he could buy me dinner. I told him that it was not 8PM where I am and that I had already eaten dinner. He asked if he could buy me a dessert and I let him know that my porch light is broken and that I didn't want a delivery driver to struggle finding my house. I told him that I really just wanted to be left alone at this point and he told me that I ""wasn't being very romantic"". At this point I was really just over it. I also remembered that yesterday I had told him that I wanted to watch this romantic movie that had been one of the first movies that he and I ever watched together and he agreed to do that. I asked him why he agreed to watch the movie and why he didn't tell me that he was planning on going out. He said that he forgot about the movie. I also asked him why he was so ""stir crazy"" now when for the past year he never left the house unless he had to go to the doctor. He worked at home and had groceries delivered. He said that it's different when there are actually things to do in the city that he's in. I told him that the best thing he could do is just leave me alone. He once again offered to hang out for like an hour before he left and I told him again that I didn't want to hang out with him at this point.

Do you think that I'm justified to be angry? If he had a meeting with work or some sort of appointment that he couldn't get out of them I would be understanding. Sad, but understanding. But he has made the conscious decision to go out instead of spending Valentine's Day with his girlfriend of three years.

TLDR: My boyfriend decided to spend the day traveling in the Japan rather than spending the day with his girlfriend of three years."
relationship_advice "I (19m) want my dad (60m) to get help for his alcoholism Hello everyone, I have a dad who’s unfortunately addicted to alcohol and I want him to get help so badly but it just doesn’t seem to work. Over the years my dads alcoholism has gotten worse and it just makes me sad the mess he has become. His alcoholism really got worse (or at least I started to realize it) by the time i was 15. One night he came home absolutely shit faced and my 2 older sisters got upset about him being drunk and he went fucking berserk. He started shove us, I was so scared. We had to wrestle him down to the ground in order for him to stop. Another incident I got into an argument with my sister and told her to go fuck herself. This triggered my dad to shove me to a table and punching me in the stomach once. The last major incident was when I was 16, he got hammered and my sister started to argue with him. I tried to tell her that arguing will just make him more mad but she just didn’t listen. He got so mad he tried to leave but we hid his keys so he doesn’t try to drive to a bar already drunk. He then demanded for my sisters keys in his words “Give me the keys right now or I’m smashing your fucking window.” Long story short, he smashed the window. His marriage with my mom was starting at its wits end so he decided to go to rehab. I was around 17, he got out in only 3 weeks I thought it wasn’t enough but everything was getting better. We were a happy family again, I was so proud of my dad. A year later he started drinking for about 4 months straight, my mom threatened to divorce him so he started going to AA for about 3 months then apparently he started going to the meeting drunk then just stopped going. The drinking was just on and off for about 2 months he’s sober then out of no where he’s a drunken fool for a month. This went on for about a year then finally my mom has decided to divorce him. This completely broke my dad, he was just drinking and not going to work. I’m away from home most of the time due to my job being a commercial diver so I can’t confront him about it, I’m the only one who can get him to realize he’s fucking up. Just the other day my sister texted me telling me he looked around the room for my beers. I love my dad so much, but at the same time I don’t wanna see him anymore. I want him to get help so badly but he just doesn’t want to. Can anyone please give me any advice. 
(Sorry for bad grammar and long story I’m in my hotel room in tears writing this)"
relationship_advice "Am i (23F) being irrational with the guy (25M) im talking or its just my trust issues? Ok so pretty much this guy said he wanted to hang out today but never gave me a concrete time and i had to keep asking for it (first red flag), he also invited himself to my place (second red flag) and i told him i dont bring guys to my place on the first day. 30 minutes before the time we planned he texts me saying he forgot he had to give his brother a ride and change plans completely, i was ready to leave and got upset and said “no, if you want to hang out just plan another day so” “i dont like the way you plan to hang out and do not even give me a time unless i keep asking for it and so proceeds to cancel/change plans on the last minute” . So he says he fucked up and that he is literally a mess and that he understands if i dont want to deal with it, but that he enjoys talking with me” I think Its even worse that he did it on valentines day. He apologized but didnt make any plans for make it up to me. Am i being paranoid and irrational or its just my trust issues?"
relationship_advice "My F21 Bf of 4years M23 has a mouth sore, we recently hung out with a mutual friend M47 that has syphilis and he is upset I asked him to get tested before sex . How can I make this situation better? 
Like the text says , it’s Valentines and my boyfriend and I have had a rough patch lately . We havent had sex since last year early december due to stresses even though we live together . 

This superbowl sunday we hosted and he invited his coworkers , one that has syphilis but only my bf and I know out of the group . We all smoke but to make sure I don’t hit the joint where he just did ( just being cautious ) I hit it a certain way or I go first , hit it all I want and then pass and never again ( because he slobbers on it ) Anyways , sunday I hardly smoked any but my bf and him did a lot . They shared drinks , smoked a lot js , shared the pipe , vapes , etc like most friends would do

This morning on Valentines he shows me a sore in his mouth and I said he couldn’t go down on me ( such a shame i just waxed ) He immediately exploded and said I was wrong for being cautious and that there’s no way he has syphilis 
I told him to get tested and that if he wanted sex tonight we still could but I told him to get me drunk first because I still didn’t feel comfortable or like I could bring myself down to do it and he would need a condom , we planned on drinking wine and having a good night
From 1pm today we have been arguing til about 7pm
he gets an appointment tomorrow but says I have to pay the 90 bucks on it I asked if he didn’t care to know for himself ? I said then don’t get tested because I dont have the funds right now and wouldnt for another while . No test no sex , I’m not 100% sure he isn’t clean and he tried gas lighting me into believing he and the other guy were not sharing things ( i saw it )
He said his friend is not contagious but he is also an ex drug addict and his life is in shambles so I didn’t think it was far from ordinary for him to want to put us in danger since he feels like nothing to lose anymore . I tried explaining that because he has an open wound ( he says its not a sore now , now he bit himself ) and because he shared the same mouth bacteria with that one guy that i would not be running that risk .  After we talked it out we tried to have a good day still by doing a 750 piece puzzle to which we both were frustrated at and doing in silence , the vibes were just bad . How can I make this better ? I had so much planned I am so sexually frustrated what can I do ? Do i pay it ? Do i just continue no sex ? He is adamant that he does not have it but I dont trust him even though we already looked and checked him down there and has nothing . He called me paranoid and that I killed the day and that really hurt , can someone tell me if I’m just skiddish ??"
relationship_advice "My (31F) birthday gift made my new friend (21NB) upset and now they aren’t talking to me. Need to know what I did wrong So, me (31F), recently joined a group message board with people into the same nerdy things I like. It was really cool bc I had others to talk about it and got to meet a few people that are “famous” on my tumblr dashboard/fandom. One of these people, that I’ll call X (21 NB), is someone I admired for a while now and I was really happy to meet them. They’re an amazing artist even if they’re 10 years my junior and I get a lot of inspiration from their work. 

Their birthday was last month and their girlfriend suggested we all presented them with different arts. The group is made from different type of artists so it was kinda cool to gift them a lot of art made from one of our favorite fandoms. I was kinda on the fence about participating bc I was a new member but the mods guaranteed that it was fine, I only had to make what I could. We had a month to come up with the arts (their girlfriend talked with us on December and their birthday was last month).

I was really excited for it. Everyone that had an idol once in their life can imagine how it was. Bc of that, I decided to gift them something based on their own art. It was not a copy. What I did (without giving much of context so no one can find me here) was use one of my favorite art from X as a background and creating what I thought would be the outcome from that scene. I didn’t copy the thing, I just simply imagined what could lead to that scene and what I would come as a result of that. We even make different types of arts so I didn’t think it wasn’t that bad. I also checked with one mod (the one responsible for gathering the arts from everyone in the same place) and he said my idea was great. 

My heart shattered when I got a msg from another person (I’ll call her Y). Y is close friends with X and got to see the arts before X and her girlfriend did (that wasn’t able to mod the whole thing when I posted bc she was moving houses). Y said that to doing something like that for the gift (that was going to be posted on X’s girlfriend tumblr) was bad bc I was using someone’s art as a means to make mine. She was actually sweet on her msg and told me she knew I didn’t do it on purpose. She advised me to take down the art and make a new one, that I could even retouch the one I did so it was good to post again. I was heartbroken but since my grandma had passed not long before that and I was still mourning (nobody in the group knows about it), I said nothing and took it down. A few hours later I apologized and said I didn’t think it was a bad thing and that I was going to redo the whole thing. 

I tried to come up with something else but I was too sad about it and about my granny to be creative. My sister told me to msg X and gift them the art nonetheless, and I ended up doing it after changing it too so it could be posted on tumblr in time for their birthday. 

The thing is that now both X and Y aren’t talking to me on the group chat and I don’t know if I did something that awful. I’ve apologized to both of them, told X I just wanted to gift her the thing I did bc I was actually proud of it and I wanted her to have it (although it isn’t in any of my social medias). I also told Y that I understood it better after a bit thinking (if I got more credit from my art them X had, for instance, it would be a bummer bc it was X’s idea in the first place) and Y told me that was “all good” and that I “shouldn’t beat yourself about it” (her actual words). And yet neither of them are talking to me properly. 

X didn’t respond to any of my PMs and isn’t talking to me on the group (even when we’re all talking about the same stuff and I get to quote X, they don’t answer me or acknowledge what I say). Y isn’t talking to me either, not as she does with others. The last few times were all to “scold” me (not really that bad, but just to warn me about bad behaviors on the group). They were all kinda… odd? One time was because I posted an edit of an art without the background and she told me that I had to credit the artist and seeing with them if it was an okay thing to do, that most artists didn’t like that, although I’ve never posted stuff without giving the proper credit before (I clarified afterwards that it was only an official art that I took out the background and thought people there would like for fan edits and such). The other interactions were like that. Like we’re all talking about a topic and I start to say something and then Y would change topics. She is also avoiding acknowledge me like X appears to be doing. X’s girlfriend is too caught up on her college classes, so she isn’t hanging out much there and is online mostly when I’m not, so I don’t really know if she’s mad at me too. 

I’m actually at a loss here. Was I that much of an ass? Did I do something bad that I missed? I tried a lot of different things bc I’m Latina and both X and Y are Americans, so I don’t know if I’m missing something bc of cultural differences. Or maybe it can be bc I’m neurodivergent and I didn’t understand some social cue?

I really don’t know, guys, so I’d appreciate any help at all."
relationship_advice "My [30m] friend [29m] and I need to have a heart to heart. What is the best type of venue to host it at? Lately our virtual gaming sessions have had an air of negativity about them.  My friend reached out to express his feelings and see if I wanted to find some type of reconciliation (I do).  Where is the best place to be for these kinds of talks?  We both want alcohol to be involved.

Bar? Restaurant? Home?  Park? Etc.  I appreciate your feedback in advance."
relationship_advice "Should I (23F) unblock this guy (23M) or no? A guy I’ve dealt with a couple times over like a span of a month had expressed interest in a longer-term relationship in the past &amp; reached out to me yesterday to ask if we could hang out today (Valentine’s Day). 

I said yes. He gets out of class @ 5 &amp; I told him I’d give him my address (I moved since seeing him last) when he’s out of class. 5 comes. Silence. I hit him at 5:22. Silence. Then I try 6:48. He tells me that he got called in to work. He told me he forgot about me, like just completely forgot &amp; I felt pissed &amp; felt hurt &amp; blocked him. This is like the second time he’s been careless with my time.

Also, for context, this guy has already lied to me unprovoked before about his past &amp; I think it’s to do with his sexuality. He said he has never had a relationship or sex but a post from him on Reddit from some months ago claims he wants to work out some issues with a partner &amp; the pronouns used for that partner were “he/him”. I love queer men &amp; am queer myself but I understand that being queer is a huge hindrance to the dating lives of men who date multiple genders &amp; can be traumatic coming from certain backgrounds (he’s Muslim). I have empathy for that but I can’t just accept being lied to unprovoked. I confronted him about it &amp; he tried to manipulate me &amp; talk around it. I chalked it up to his trauma &amp; decided to pull back from giving him too much energy without cutting him off completely because he really is sweet. He apologized after he realized I wasn’t talking to him &amp; when I asked him again about the post, he said he’s “not proud of his past”. I took that as his way of coming clean without actually &amp; decided to just leave him where he’s at.

I have severe abandonment issues &amp; I used to cling to people &amp; I think I still do to a certain degree but now my defense mechanism is usually “cut this person off if I even detect a hint of heartbreak or disinterest”. I know that’s unhealthy &amp; Im trying so hard not to be bitter about love &amp; be patient with my lovers, but people openly disrespect me &amp; I’m tired of tolerating it. I recently blocked another person that I actually had a big crush on because he said &amp; did some insensitive things &amp; while we were talking out that situation, he got really self-deprecating in his apology &amp; then just hung up on me &amp; I DO NOT tolerate people just hanging up on me to run from hard conversations where I’m extending a lot of empathy &amp; kindness.

I didn’t really want to cut that guy off but I felt like he was emotionally manipulating me &amp; that I needed to protect myself.

With this v-day guy, I feel like it was a straw that broke the camel’s back. It’s not so much him forgetting about me but moreso that this comes after that lying situation &amp; from him being careless with my time. But I worry that due to my mental health issues (bipolar, BPD, autism, PTSD) that I was too harsh on him &amp; should have given him a chance to explain himself or atone for it? Was I too rash or would you have done the same thing? I’m worried that maybe I’m just being a bitter bitch &amp; I’m not really giving people the room &amp; empathy to be human. 

I also really enjoy our chemistry outside of the lying &amp; time issues. I am conflicted on whether I should unblock him &amp; send him a long message detailing everything I feel, that I understand he’s queer &amp; that I’m okay with that, or if I should just keep him blocked??

TLDR: I cut off a guy for forgetting our Valentine’s Day plans after a month &amp; lying to me in the past. I want to know if I should unblock him &amp; reach back out or no?"
relationship_advice "My (28F) abusive ex (30M) spoke to me in person after a year of NC. I was too scared to walk away and I am scared of future encounters with him. How can I be strong enough to ignore him and walk away? I (28F) was in a relationship with my ex boyfriend (30M) from February to December 2021 or thereabouts. We broke up just before Christmas as he was gradually more abusive to me over the course of our relationship. At first it was talking down to me and belittling what I said. Then it was telling me what I could and couldn't wear, eat and who I could speak to. He came between me and my friends and made me pick him or them many times. I wasn't allowed to go out with my work colleagues either outside of work and he was very controlling.

I have low self esteem and depression which he used against me. I tried to get out around the 3 month mark but he would sweet talk me into staying. The first time he touched me was when I was trying to calm him down when he had a bad day at work. He pushed me away and took hold of my wrists and wouldn't let go for about 3 minutes of squeezing. I was scared and it hurt.

The next time it happened when he pushed me backwards and I nearly hit my head on the coffee table. I didn't but I could see he was getting more violent and was scared for my safety. I told myself to cut contact but he always knew what to say. I finally did it just before Christmas by text. He wasn't happy and I was scared he would do something. I deleted his number and removed him on all accounts. I don't block people and he never blocked me. He messaged me repeatedly for about 3 weeks and I was going to change my number. I should have blocked him but I was scared if I did he'd do something physical. I didn't change my number as I knew he'd get it from someone else so I didn't see the point.

He stopped trying to contact me and I never messaged him and saw he had a new gf only 2 months later. I saw him around but he never spoke to me. He looked at me like I was worthless and it did hurt as I loved him at one point. I thought we wouldn't speak again which was good as I think he is a narcissist and got bored of trying to talk to me.

Fast forward to last weekend I saw him in town and he came towards me. I froze and was scared he would approach me. He did approach me and I was rigid with fear. I didn't move or turn around and he asked me how I was. I felt scared if I didn't answer in case he got angry with me for ignoring him. I spoke to him about general things but it was making me worried. He was acting in his charming way like he does sometimes which is what made me fall in love with him. Was he testing me by talking to me after so long? I don't know why he came over as he has a gf a different one to the one after me and I have a new bf. Does he miss me or was he trying to see if I was still scared of him.

I know his family well so they know how am I and we haven't spoken since we broke up and he didn't mention anything from the past. Was he trying to move on from the past. I can't work out if it was a power trip thing or he did actually want to speak. I am still scared of him and would like to know what to do if he ever tries to talk to me again. I'm very forgiving but he honestly scares me as he is definitely narcissistic and I think he has psychopathic tendencies."
relationship_advice "Me [23M] and my girlfriend [24F] don’t have sex for 3 years now 
Hello everyone, first post here, sorry if I mess something up (i’m new to Reddit).
So, me and my girlfriend are together for almost 5 years now and we were very sexualy active during the first times of our relationship. But on the second year of our relationship, we started to have some problems: she has told me that penetration felt unconfortable and that she felt pain during sex. We took things slow, in hopes that we could overcome the problem (I started to incorporate more masturbation and I tried to put no pressure on her during this difficult time).
Time went on and nothing changed, her condition only got worse, to the point that even touching her sexual organ would hurt her. I suggested to her for us to go seek a doctor and to try to solve the problem, but she denied this ever since (she told me that she’s afraid that the problem is something that can incapitate her of having sex ever again, which is a totally okay thing to think imo).
3 years have passed and he haven’t had sex since. We only had some sexual contacts (very occasionally). I really feel like I don’t know what to do: I love her but I want to be in a relationship where I have intimacy on a sexual level. I’ve always been supportive to her in this situation but I think that she is not even trying to work out a solution with a health professional. I reached out to her and said that I would go to the medical appoitments with her, which she has shown aprecciation for but, like I said, never happened. 
I understand that some things can take some time to break down but I think that 3 years is a period of time more that enough to reach out for help. This situation has been giving me all sort of feelings like insecurity, anxiety and fear of losing someone special forever because of something I know it could be solved (or aknowledged, if it is a bigger problem than expected). I really don’t know what to do at this point…"
relationship_advice "Should I M28 reveal previous cheating to new girlfriend F26? 
I recently got out of a 5 year long relationship. It was my first serious relationship. It was a very happy relationship in many ways. We were extremely close to each other, shared everything. Our deepest emotions, secrets and fears. What we lacked in was intimacy. It was something we discussed a lot but didnt manage to solve. At the end of our relationship we hadnt had sex for many months. We had several talks about possibly ending the relationship but hadnt made the definite decision. It was at this point I cheated on my ex. It had never even crossed my mind to do so previously but at this time after a night out I slipped up and did. The day after I was in deep regret, filled with shame. I told my girlfriend right away exactly what happened. She a couple of days later revealed that she also had cheated on me after I told her. 
We werent even angry with each other. We took our time and talked everything through for the coming week and mutualy decided that we obviously had to break up. And did so as friends. Ive never cheated before in my life and I've reflected deeply on the mistake I made and even though it was at the end of an already dead relationship I still view it as 100% my fault that I cheated and im taking full ownership of never ending up making the same mistake twice. 

Now I've met a new girl who im starting to fall in love with. The question is. Should I tell her about my previous mistake or take my lesson learned and move on. I value honesty and truth very high but at the same time dont want to do anything stupid to jeopardize. If she asked about it I obviously wont lie. But should I bring it up and tell her even though she doesnt ask about it. Need help! Thank you"
relationship_advice "I (21m) am in a love triangle with 2 girls, one ex (25f) and my manager (24f), who both say they love me So I (m21) had a gf, now my ex (f25 girl a), who i previously dated for 6 months. The next girl, our best friend who is also my manager at my job (f24 girl b), has been our friend the whole relationship. Girl a and I broke up after we took a trip with her family and their friends. It was an awkward trip and we fought for most of it, after we got back we had a talk and decided that it would be better if we ended it and tried to be friends to see if we could work back into it. Other things we argued about included the trust that we both put into each other and there was some jealousy on the amount of effort she would put into her friendships compared to our relationship. After we broke up girl b stopped being bestfriends with girl a because of fights between them. Girl b and i got closer and ended up hanging out a lot more while girl a said she wanted to try and work on it with me but she never put in the effort and didn't talk to me much. While girl b and i hung out more i ended up catching feelings and she confirmed that she has had feelings for me all along. Girl b ended up getting mad at girl a again and she told girl a that she was leading me on and treating me like shit and questioned on why i was willing to wait for her and it made me question on why i was as well. Girl b and i went to a work party and ended up getting drunk and sleeping together. The feelings were still there but i still was in love with girl a. Girl b was still willing to help me out and try and get the relationship back with girl a and i felt like i wanted it. Girl b then went to talk to girl a and told her how she was treating me and leading me on, girl a then felt bad and talked to me saying she wanted to give me another chance. We started being friends and then we went to a party all together. I ended up getting drunk and sleeping with girl a and we decided to try to work at our relationship again. Girl b then got mad because i was trying again and stopped being our friend. Girl b then later on told me that it was because she feels like she is in love with me and she is upset that i dealt with all of the leading on and girl a not putting in any effort to work on the relationship. Girl b texted me all that and while i was sleeping, girl a went through my phone and found all of that in snapchat and got mad and upset about it. Girl a and i talked the next day and i told her we slept together while we were on our break and that i did feel like i had some feelings for her. Girl a is saying she is still in love with me and that she wants to be with me but that i need to pick one or the other. Girl b is saying that she is also in love with me and that she just wants a chance to prove she is good for me and she told me that she is ok with me being friends with girl a. I have feelings for both of these girls and i don't know what to do so i am here for some advice."
relationship_advice "On the phone tonight with my (f52) bf (m58), sweet lovey valentines talk, and he said ‘You are my priority, you know that right?’. And I said ‘thank you’. And there was a pause. And I got confused thinking about my son, and all the things, and then I said, that makes me really happy. Any advice about how I can reciprocate well? he is a huge priority to me, I absolutely adore him and our relationship, but I felt like the jerk who says thank you when someone says ily."
relationship_advice "Me (28F) Boyfriend (30M) Need some advice on what to do This   is a long distant relationship and need advice on what to do since my   boyfriend is being pretty strict on things and feels a bit   controlling(?)

i am not really   sure on what to do. i really love my boyfriend a lot since we share   pretty much the same interest. we play together in Smash Ultimate, he   coaches me to improve in the smash game and give me advice, he buys me   things when i need it if i don't have enough, we play splatoon 3, we   basically play pokemon together, he streams games i never really seen   only for me and not really for other people, i can't watch other   people's streams other than some specific people he sometimes watches,   basically the boyfriend that i really want. the strict thing about him   is i can't play other games, i can't make friends because he says ""be   patient so we can live together so you don't feel lonely"".

we   do have arguments where he doesn't agree with my decisions if i just   want to go out somewhere with my mom or sisters. he tells me that he is   sorry on those things but only for special occasions. sometimes he does  give in since he can't really do anything but when i get home, he would  be annoyed with me.

we  don't do  facetime because i HATE being on camera and so does he. i do  know what  he looks like since i convinced him to take a picture of  himself if  front of a game we play together and he saw me before from a  livestream  at a tourney. we go on discord calls pretty much every day  and play  smash practicing (i am a competitor and want to improve in the  game so  playing smash everyday is no problem to me)

i   did break up with him before because he kept not letting me hang out   with my sisters or mom in dinners. but i had this achey feeling and i   felt bad for doing a break up so i went back to him again because i   didn't want to feel alone and he is like the only one that knows   competitive fundamentals since he fought pros before in another game and   destroyed them (i've seen him beat a ton of people online before so i   believe it). when i apologies and he did as well, he told me that he   felt very sad and all.

i hide as a different user and do things i can't do outside my boyfriend's   view. i am not cheating at all or talk to anyone that i would talk to my   boyfriend. i just feel i won't find anyone like him because we've been   through so much. he is a very nice person and he doesn't cuss at me at  all.

i've waited a quiet a long   time to finally have him say ""you are able to live with me, i got   everything sorted"". he lives with his grandmother and last year he lost   his grandfather. so now i have to wait until everything is sorted on  his  grandfather's death before his grandmother has to deal with me  living  over there

any  people  that had a partner that is into gaming like you do and is in  this  situation, how can i go about this."
relationship_advice "24m Made a mistake and ended up in a relationship with someone i don't like 23f I made a mistake and should not have done it but i got into a relationship with someone that I don't really like. Shes a nice friend and she likes me and i but I just cannot see myself putting in the effort to commit and continue with it. I dont know how to tell her and i feel bad. I understand that i shouldnt have gotten myself into this and i just want to end things but she really seems to like me.
TL;DR thought something would come about if i went out with someone that likes me but I just dont feel anything."
relationship_advice "I(22f) made my bf(20m) of 1 year take me home in the middle of a date 
Okay so it’s valentine’s day and i’m already a little sad he didn’t make prior plans for us (i offered to help but he assured me he had it and wanted to surprise me) but anyways we decide to go to an arcade for a fun lil date but we get there and he’s trying so hard on these arcade games it’s ridiculous!!!! 

the last game we played was big buck hunter and i literally couldn’t even get a shot in so i told him to bring me home because i was not having fun. part of me think i was being way unreasonable but i seriously was just not having fun getting shit on in every game we played.  

i feel like it’s common sense that you’re on a date to have fun with your partner and not become a competitive loser who is stoic faced, and hyper focused on an arcade game.

now we’re both not talking and i don’t know how to get through to him that it was upsetting because he just says he was trying to enjoy the games."
relationship_advice "My girlfriend (23F) is currently going through all of my (20M) followers and following on Instagram and screenshotting every female that is not her I have a somewhat large amount of followers/following because I have had this instagram since elementary school. Majority of my following are meme pages/ celebrities and the rest are friends and acquaintances I have met over the years since elementary school. I am currently in college and my girlfriend is out of college and never really had a large following because Instagram wasn’t her main social media. 

Every once in a while I would go through my feed to look at memes (which is really the only reason why I have instagram now because I don’t post) and scroll past an old friend/acquaintance from high school who happens to post a bikini picture or a seductive photo on their instagram. I don’t care about it because I am 100% loyal to my girlfriend and I just unadd them or scroll past it. In the last few weeks my girlfriend would be looking over my shoulder while i scroll through Instagram and she would see every once in a while one of those girls or a meme page that has half-naked girls as ads to fund their page. 

Since then she has been constantly going through my following and followers screenshotting every female and saving it in her phone or starting arguments on how I haven’t unfollowed every single female that isn’t her. I personally don’t have a problem going through my following and followers, but going through around 2000 accounts takes an immense amount of time and I have trouble sitting down and going through every single follower. 

How should I handle this/ what do you all think"
relationship_advice "I'm a [30m] with a [34m] but I'm curious I'm  a [30m] bisexual in a gay homosexual relationship with a [34m] gay for a year now but I'm very curious about having sex or girlfriend and being pegged. any advice?"
relationship_advice "My 27F friend 25F just got married, don’t want to feel abandoned, what now? 
My friend just got married, I’m the type of person that gives space bc I know life transitioning can be a lot. So after her wedding I thought I’d give her some time and space to process/ have her honeymoon stage, figure things out and enjoy before reaching out. She ended up texting me about something minor so I thought I must at least congratulate her and ask how it’s going, she doesn’t like to text, so she gave a brief description ( it’s great!). I kind of wonder if I’m being a good friend? We also don’t live in the same state. I feel like she wants the attention of getting married and that I should envy a bit (because that’s what I want too). I texted her about my dating life and she (or anyone really) ever gives me advice. I told her I was going on dates but all men want sex. Should I have even brought up my dating life to her? She seemed like she didn’t care and that she was busy moving in with her husband. I don’t really want this one sided relationship but I just don’t know what to expect at this point. I’m trying to protect myself from feeling abandoned after she settles in with him and starts having kids herself, but I occasionally want to know how her life is going too."
relationship_advice "My Dad 50M wants to bring his wife 34F to my sister’s 26F wedding and won’t attend otherwise. How best to navigate this? 

Background: My(29f) parents(50m 50f) married young and had a generally unhappy marriage with lots of infidelity on my father’s part. They split for good in 2010 and my Dad has since remarried and had a baby with his new wife. 

Whilst he wasn’t a very good partner to my Mum, us siblings have always maintained a close relationship with him. He married his second wife, L(34f) in 2018 although we didn’t have much of a relationship with her until she had our baby brother in 2020. There was no acrimony or hard feelings, there just wasn’t enough frequent interaction between us for a close relationship to develop. If it matters, she is not one of the women my Dad cheated on my Mum with. 

When I got married in 2018, L’s attendance wasn’t even considered and my Dad didn’t ask for her to be invited. However, the dynamics have changed ever since the birth of our brother and we have all become more close with L. 

My Mum was previously extremely close with my Dad’s family and she was always invited to all family gatherings but now that L is also invited, my Mum has chosen to take a step back from her ex in-laws. She was the one who came out of their separation worse off and she has chosen to remain single since.

My younger sister is getting married in a few weeks and an invite was extended to include our brother but not L. This decision was made to accommodate my Mum’s feelings and the fact that she will not feel comfortable if L is there. My sister planned to discuss this further with my Dad at the time, but he didn’t comment on L’s lack of invite so she naively didn’t broach the topic further. 

Now, this close to the wedding, my Dad is insisting that L also be invited or else he won’t attend. My sister apologised to L and assured her that this decision was not personal to her but Dad refused her apology. 

Obviously it would be disappointing for us all, especially for my sister, if our Dad didn’t attend the wedding so how best to navigate this sensitive situation? My Mum is completely against L attending but she wouldn’t threaten not coming to get her own way.

Another unfortunate part of this whole scenario is I’ve kind of lost some respect towards my Dad, and I resent him a little but I don’t know whether I’m being unfair towards him. Maybe he’s right and L deserves an invite but it really isn’t so straightforward.

TLDR: My Dad is refusing to attend my sisters wedding unless we also invite his wife. My Mum absolutely does not want his wife to attend."
relationship_advice "I'm [30m] with a [34m] I'm [M30] a bisexual in a gay homosexual relationship but I'm very curious about having a girlfriend and being pegged. any advice?"
relationship_advice "I (20f) can't move on from my ex-boyfriend (20m) who broke up with me 3 years ago. Like the title says, I have really been struggling to move on from a relationship that ended three years ago. I am 20f and my ex boyfriend is currently 20m. We were high school sweethearts, and dated for almost 3 years all throughout high school.

Even though we were both so young and it was both of our first relationships, it was an extremely intense relationship. We were very much in love with each other, and he was not only my partner but my best friend while we were together. He was good to me all throughout the relationship, always made an effort to improve himself when I pointed out something he did that upset me. He almost always listened to me and comforted me when I was having a depressive episode or a breakdown (it's important to note that I am mentally ill, depression and BPD), he just in general always did his best for me and that manifested itself constantly throughout our relationship. Someone as genuine and open and caring as him is just so difficult to come by, and I feel grateful to have been with him even if the relationship is over now.

Our relationship was great for the first two years, but it declined. The main problem with the relationship was me. Halfway through our time together I became increasingly verbally and emotionally abusive, as well as manipulative. We started fighting a lot, constant arguments over stupid and insignificant things. Nearly every fight was started by me in a pathetic attempt to get attention from him. I lied to him a lot, always about unimportant things but lies nonetheless to get a reaction from him. I would make fun of him in front of our friends and put him down frequently, often without even realizing I was doing it. I in general treated him like garbage near the end of our relationship, which is just such a stark contrast to how I treated him in the beginning. Even before the abuse started, I did a poor job of communicating with him, and just expected him to know what I needed all the time. This lack of communication made him feel like he was (his quote) ""walking on eggshells"" around me, and was a major contributor to the end of our relationship. We broke up in May of 2020, but stayed in contact with each other until October when we cut off all contact. We agreed that it would probably be best for him and his mental health if I wasn't in his life anymore, and he proceeded to block me on every social media platform as well as my phone number (at my request, knowing I would try to contact him again if I had the ability to).

I am not proud of the way I treated him, and looking back I'm disgusted, shocked, and confused as to why I even did those things at all. I've thought about it a lot, and I think my actions were due to a mixture of untreated mental illness, young age/lack of dating experience, and the feeling of insecurity and unworthiness of him that I felt all throughout the relationship. No matter the cause, there is no excuse for the things I did to him and I realize that now. I feel a lot of self-loathing and resentment toward myself for the way I treated him, and have been working through these feelings with my therapist.

Our breakup served as a major turning point in my life and caused me to realize for the very first time that I was the problem and that I need to make a change in my life and behaviors to avoid hurting someone like I hurt him. I never ever want to treat another person the way I treated him, especially not somebody I love as much as I loved him. I've been going to a DBT therapist since the breakup, which has helped me change some of my manipulative or controlling thoughts and behaviors. Now I practice mindfulness and other self-care tactics like journaling and venting my emotions through healthy outlets like art. It's helped a lot and I've made so much progress, which I'm proud of.

The problem I face now is that I just can't let go of him and the fact that our relationship is, and will likely always be, over. I still think of him and have thought of him every day since we broke up. I still have so much love for him in my heart, and I have nothing to do with it. It's miserable, and I feel depressed every single day thinking about how horribly I screwed up this relationship with such an amazing person. I feel so much grief knowing that I will probably never get to see him or experience his love again. I don't know what to do, or how to move forward with my life knowing that he's not in it. Even if I did see him again, I have such an overwhelming feeling of fear that he resents me because of the way that I treated him. I don't know how to live with myself knowing that he might resent me. I frequently have dreams and experience delusions of him wanting me back and loving me again, and it reopens the wound every time. I don't know how to heal from this.

I am currently a recovering drug addict (my drug use was not a factor in our relationship, as I started using after the relationship ended to cope with the pain). I am working a 12 step program with a sponsor in an attempt to heal from my addiction and codependency, and to heal myself spiritually. Soon I will be on step 9, where I will attempt to make amends to my ex-boyfriend. I'm going to have to lay myself bare to him and tell him how much remorse I feel for the way I treated him when we were together. The thought of talking to him again is so terrifying to me, especially because of the thought that he might resent me. And as terrified as I am, a small and desperate part of me Is excited and hopeful about the idea that I might have him back in my life. I feel like this part of me is selfish, and I don't want to act on these selfish desires, especially because the amends are meant to be for his benefit and his alone. I can't stop the intrusive thoughts though, and it's making me feel crazy. I just don't know.

I don't know what I expect to get out of sharing this, but it makes me feel a little bit better to write everything down and put my thoughts somewhere. Any thoughts, advice, or knowledge is appreciated."
relationship_advice "my [33f] partner [45m] kicked me out of his house for misinterpreting something. 
TLDR; partner kicked me out of his house because he thought I was checking the time while we were hot &amp; heavy.

I am using the term partner very broadly as this is a very new situation. I live separately from him. My partner, who I've been friends with for years, and we have a history, kicked me out of his house the other night because he thought I had been checking my smartwatch for the time while we were hot and heavy. The reality: every time my arm moved the thing lit up and it was annoying me. I tried turning it off but didn't have the patience for that in the middle of sex. It kept shining in his face so I turned the watch so the face of it was on the underside of my wrist vs the top, so it would shine in my face. Didn't really have the thought process to remove it completely as my attention was focused elsewhere. Sex ended abruptly and told me I needed to leave. No explanation given. He kept saying ""it was over when you kept checking your watch."" I apologized, and he didn't even give me the chance to explain what the actual scenario was. 

I have sent him some messages saying sorry with no reply. There is no acknowledgement to my olive branches. I went over to his house (stupidly) and asked him if we were ok and he wouldn't give me a straight answer. He ""needed more time to process"". I just got the feeling he's never going to talk to me again. 

What do I do here?. I need advice. A friend told me this is a red flag. I care so deeply for this man and this really makes my heart ache. He's someone I can talk to for hours, but now there is nothing. I don't get how I'm the asshole in this situation. Not sure to wait him out until he wants to talk or move on.

Edited to add he had been drinking quite a bit."
relationship_advice "gtk 20m 20f how/what to text and talk to a guy far away everyday to get to know on snap 

or can someone describe what snap gtk talking stage is like"
relationship_advice "my (21f) bf (23m) didn’t do anything special for valentine’s day we’re long distance and both trying to save money so i wasn’t expecting anything crazy or material. i drew a scene from our favorite anime (i’m an artist and love to draw him cute stuff sometimes and on special occasions), wrote a love letter, and got him some nitro since we talk on discord a lot. all he did was say happy valentine’s day. all i really wanted was to feel special."
relationship_advice "I(24f) don't love my boyfriend(24m) the way I used to Ive (24f) been in nothing but toxic emotionally abusive relationships till now. My current boyfriend (24m) of 10 months is extremely attractive, kind, sweet, passionate, generous in bed, has goals and is willing to better himself for our relationship. He would do absolutely anything I ask of him. He's exactly what I've always wanted in a relationship and nobody has ever treated me as well as he does. 

However, he is extremely dumb. A Himbo. At first I thought it was cute, he would need help figuring out how to be an adult, he can't cook for the life of him, he doesn't understand things, he is still figuring things out in life, I loved helping him figure things out. 

But lately dating him has started to feel a lot like work. I work with people who need assistance in day to day life, I get done with work from having to coach people through their daily life help them with goals, and then I go over to my boyfriend and I have to coach him on how to do things that a normal person would know, filling out an application, explain that he needs to use the cutting board if he's going to chop veggies, he needs to use a can opener to open cans not a knife, and then explain to him why he shouldn't do these things, that if he wants metal flakes in his canned carrots the sure use the knife, if he doesn't want scratch marks on his counter to use a cutting board. It's driving me crazy. 

He's obsessed with MMA, goes to MMA classes, he used to fight for fun on the streets for betting purposes but has transitioned to semi professional fighting. He watches it everyday but Wednesdays, he's always trying to learn more and he is extremely passionate about it. I used to love this passion, support him, go to all his fights and nurse him back to health. Now I cannot stand it. He starts talking about his training, a fight he saw and I just want to tell him to shut up. I used to be so supportive of his dreams and ambitions. 

Part of me feels like his ignorance comes from getting hit on the head to many times from fighting. 

 All he wants from me is my attention, his love language is physical touch, but whenever he touches me I start to feel suffocated. His presence no longer calms me. 

Every time he opens his mouth I have to take a deep breath and calm myself because I know what he says is going to get on my nerves. 

I don't know when I started to feel this way. I feel awful because I know he loves me so much, more than anyone has ever loved me before, but I really just can't handle him anymore. I know I need to break up with him, I know that I cannot be the support and love that he needs, but he keeps telling me about this future he sees with me, how he got this new job so he can make us happy with our future. I keep waiting for this negative energy I hold towards him to disappear because the future he wants for us is the one I want. But it just feels like I'm trying to put puzzle pieces from completely different puzzles together.

 I've never snapped at him or lost my cool, but I'm constantly worried about when or if I do. I look at myself in the mirror and feel like I am growing into my past abusers. I hate myself for this. I don't know why I can't just let him go and let him have the future he wants with a girl who deserves his love, because I clearly do not, and it kills me to know I'm robbing him of his time. I wish it was him who fell out of love with me, because I know regardless of if I stay with him or leave, he'll be hurt in the end, and he does not deserve that, he deserves happiness more than anyone. I hate that I'm going to have to hurt him. I hate myself for ever getting involved with him. I've fallen into such a deep depression over this whole ordeal. I don't have many friends, he's been my main pillar of support, I used to be able to talk to him about anything, I don't want to lose the love that he gives me, I'm corroded with guilt of not loving him like how I want to. I don't want to lose him, but leaving him is the only thing that's fair. I wish I could give him the love that he deserves. I feel so lost.

TL;DR I fell out of love with my boyfriend, and I feel guilty about it."
relationship_advice "how do i make (18f) stop making sexual comments about people to me? (20m) Hi, sorry, english isnt my first language.

The girl (g18) i (m20) has been talking to the last three weeks is often making sexual comments about how she finds other guys attractive.
I know this is usually a sign of just her just thinking of me as a friend, but many of the other signs for her liking me is there. she allways texts me first, says i am cute/hot, uses most of her spare time with me, is super touchy and yesterday she even bought chocolate hearts and my favorite coffee for me while ""joking"" about taking me out for valentines. she also lives right over the hallway and makes drawings for me as well.
i know that she has been in an extremly bad relationship before, and that she often had used random sex after clubbing as a form of getting male validation, and that she has never really experienced how a proper relationship should be like. I dont really care about this, because she is super awesome, and i usually have a great time with her.
the problem is that every time we watch a movie or talk about some celebrety, she often burts out with comments like ""i would totally rail him"" or ""omg he is so hot i want to have him"". I really dont know why she is doing this, and i just end up feeling like shit, since there is nothing i can really say to her to stop, or say back since neither of us has really ""admitted"" to liking eachother. i have trauma from my last relationship where my ex cheated. whenever she says stuff like this, i just feel like throwing up. 
Any tips on what i should do?"
relationship_advice "How to make my (19f) boyfriend (18m) more confident in sex and enjoy it more? So we have been dating for 2 weeks and have been intimate for around a month. I was his first and he is my third. Whenever we have sex it looks like he is worried about something instead of enjoying the moment you know? The first time we had sex was not like this. He was so happy and so into me when he lost his virginity to me. He’s told me that he was anxious about his size growing up because of the stereotypes of being Asian. However he isn’t small, he’s definitely average and bigger than I thought he would be. He’s told me that he wants to make me cum and that is thoughtful of him but I don’t want it to come at the cost of his enjoyment. He will be able to make me cum eventually since he almost made me cum already. How do I make him less anxious about having sex with me and just enjoy the moment?"
relationship_advice "Is it time to ask her(F23) to be my(M25) girlfriend? Basically the title. I(M25) have been dating someone (F22) for 2 months next week. Everything is going amazing. She is so sweet kind and beautiful and we've had so much fun together (no sex as she wants to take it slow because she is a virgin)

 I am seeing her thursday to celebrate valentines day because we couldn't tonight. Would this be too early to ask her to be my girlfriend? On my end I feel like I want to be in a relationship with her, just wanted peoples opinions on if 2 months is a good enough time to have been dating before asking her to be my girlfriend. 
Thanks :)"
relationship_advice "Gf [26f] is upset that I [26m] gave the teddy bear I won today to my sister [23f] Gf and I aren’t the type to celebrate Valentine’s Day. At most we’ll go out somewhere nice for dinner, but it’s not a priority, and we’ve never brought each other anything really. Today we went to this local carnival with my sister and mother—it was just something for us all to do together and have a little fun. 

My little sister is obsessed with bears—especially pandas. (Her nickname is even panda) and so she because adamant about winning a panda teddy. My gf said she wouldn’t mind winning something, but that it wasn’t a big deal. Some time goes on, we’re playing games and riding rides, and I start to notice that my little sis isn’t in the best mood. I can tell she was becoming upset about not being able to win herself a bear, and my mother then pulled me aside and told me to try to win one for her. I go off by myself to try to play some games—the plan was to come back with something for both gf and sis. I end up winning a bear—not a panda but a baby polar bear that’s a nice huggable size. At this point all my spending money is gone (for games at least). I meet back up with them and when my sister sees the bear she nearly cries (I’m not exaggerating when I say she loves teddy bears). Seeing her and my mothers face of happiness was a great moment, and after that, gf and I went off for a bit to spend some time together. My gf, however, began acting weird. She became silent and kept asking when we were going to leave. It ruined the mood a bit.  Fast forward to about an hour and a half ago when we get home, she goes off on me about how insensitive I was, about how I didn’t win her anything, how I should’ve given the bear to her first before anyone. All of this honestly surprised me—she’d only said it would be nice to win one and hadn’t even wanted to try to play any games. She didn’t seem interested in the games, and she only has one or two bears that she keeps in a closet, so I didn’t know it would be that important to her. She was in literal tears. She’s been sitting on the couch in complete silence since then. She won’t answer any of my questions or respond to any sort of affection I try to give her. I can’t see how I was insensitive, but I realize that I’ve hurt her, and want to try to fix it somehow? We don’t have fights, so for this to happen is really a shock for me—I’m not sure what to do.

**tl;dr**: Won my sister a stuffed bear and gf is upset I didn’t give it to her despite her telling me she didn’t really want one. She’s hurt now and I’m not sure what to do."
relationship_advice "When we broke up my (22M) ex (21F) was open ended, should I try to fix things with her? Sorry for monster post. Thanks anyone who decides to read this thing through. Tldr at bottom.

My Ex broke up with me on January 8 after a 3 year relationship. She said she felt I wasn't putting her in the girlfriend spot in my life and wasn't making her my priorities. She mentioned a few things that hurt her over the years but the most important thing is that I didn't do anything with her for her birthday, and didn't give her a gift. 

Believe me when I say I had every intention to, and even that day I was planning on buying her a little cake and candles, but I left in a hurry and we were going out to lunch, I also didn't carry almost any cash on me at the time so I said ""I thing you're gonna have to pay your part if they don't take cards"" it was truthfully really dickish I regret saying it greatly. I guess I prioritized my own happiness in spending time with her, over making her wait a half hour while I went to the ATM and bought the cake. It sounds like a shitty excuse and I think it is, I have no idea why I let something as important just go by.

Anyhow, she was sour about it for a month and then my own birthday came, we got drunk and she confessed she'd played spin the bottle with her friends on Halloween and kissed a few of her girlfriends and like three men (two were gay, if that matters). I got really upset over this, although said nothing while we were drinking, however the next day I said we need to talk and told her my feelings were hurt. She then said she was feeling very unimportant in the relationship and wanted some time.

We spent November and December speaking very little, I would write her messages every week telling her how I'd been and wishing her well. Until December 10th when I went with some flowers to her house to ask her if we could talk about things and work through it. We had a really nice chat were we both spoke about the things that were making us uncomfortable, I was confident we were gonna be able to wrong through it. Alas, at the end of the night she said on January she was gonna be really busy with things from college and asked me to give her more time, until February 3rd to be exact. I got really hurt by that, so I told her I needed to step back some and we'd speak when the time came, and blocked her on socials, I still sent her a Christmas gift and sent her a message apologizing for being away. 

On January 8 we ended up speaking at my request in her house and she decided she didn't want to continue, stating she needed to prioritize her comfort.and that it'd been a long time since I was in love with her and she with me. Initially we were both on guard but as soon as the decision was made all the walls came down and for the rest of that afternoon I felt like we were a couple again, we laughed about stuff that had happened throughout and said some hard but fair truths. I told her I'd probably delete her from all social media and delete her number, and she begged me not to, she said I was still very important to her and she didn't want to lose me, and kept repeating all throughout the afternoon that she believed if we were meant to be we would be meant to be now or in the future.

I tried to respect her space and in the beginning she didn't want me to go in her room, but a little later she asked me to go in with her and I saw she still had the box for the Christmas gift I sent her. After a while she asked me to lay on her bed and kissed me on the shoulder which I didn't expect, we began giving loving kisses to each other as we spoke as we would when we were together.

She asked me to not throw away her gifts, I said I'd probably not speak to her or message her for a long time, because I needed to heal. She made me promise I'd speak to her again sometime and gave me something very important to her, a sample from a quemistry class that made her suffer for a whole semester, she said she wanted me to have it. At some point I'd gifted her a copy of folklore by Taylor swift and I grabbed it, and she dedicated illicit affairs to me (don't know if that's relevant)

Late into the night I went to leave and she accompanied me to the door and hugged me, she hadn't cried until then, and I certainly had, but when we hugged she started crying and hugged me really tightly. I wiped away her tears and asked her if she'd give me one last kiss. I was expecting a little peck on the lips and I would've been fine with that, but right after doing that she went back in for a nothing held back passionate french kiss ordeal. She said I kissed much better than her friends (which was news to me that's she'd done so much with them in that disco) and again made me promise I'd message her again. I finally caved and said I had some movie tickets that expired in a year, so before they expired I'd take her to the movies.

She agreed and kissed me one last time. We said our goodbyes and I left. She asked me to text her when I got home and I did, saying a final goodbye through there.

So... After all that noise, I'm just really confused. I felt in my bones that she still had feeling for me,.and all the stuff she said and the little details like her still having the Christmas present, I felt like she might have been wanting to fix things with me, but based on what I said at the beginning of that evening decided to say fuck it. Admittedly I didn't start thing off too right, doing the accuse instead of understand thing, to be fair I was also hurt because of the spin the bottle thing, and I felt I'd been the one chasing her when I was still hurting. So I might have been a little harsh.

I love this girl with my heart and my soul, I'd give a kidney for her any day, I wanted to marry her. I don't know why I didn't prioritize her for her birthday like I should have, I suffer from depression and anxiety and I guess that had something to do with it, but in any case I should have been able to plan something. It's a terrible regret.

So knowing all of these details, should I try to talk to her again? I sent her a good luck text when her semester started and she responded very warmly. A part of me is telling me I have to let go and another one begs me to fight for her just a little more. Any tips? /-:

Thanks for reading me, remove if this breaks any rules, or message me if I can somehow modify it to better fit the sub. Many thanks.


TLDR: I didn't prioritize my girlfriend and she was hurt by it, broke up with me, but gave me a lot of signals she still loved me and wanted me back in her life at some point, I want some advice on if I should message her or what should I do."
relationship_advice "My [26M] girlfriend [25F] gave me an ultimatum over traveling Background info: I'm 26 and my girlfriend is 25. We've been together for three years and are very serious. I'm an ML engineer working 100% remotely and my job is very flexible and comfy. She is a lawyer, first year associate at a V50 firm working pretty terrible hours.

I have four main hobbies: Formula 1, tennis, classical music, and kpop. The third one isn't a problem, as my local orchestra is relatively inexpensive.

The rest however are a problem for her. I travel dozens of times a year both within the country and overseas to attend a race, a grand slam (I like to attend the entire clay season in particular, Rome+Monte Carlo+Madrid+Roland Garros), or kpop concerts of my favorite groups.

This is all very expensive but we aren't hurting for money. We save a decent amount of money, but not enough according to her. My view is that we're both in our mid 20s with stable jobs, and this is as good a time as any other to splurge on things we enjoy. I also don't have any problems with her spending money as she likes, but she is usually far busier than me and doesn't have much time to travel. She does buy other fairly expensive things for herself though.

She told me many times how she disapproved of how much I'm traveling and how much I was spending. I thought that her main issue is that I am just away for significant periods of time, but rather she's more worried that I'm ""wasting money and obsessed with watching other women dance"". Among other things, she has a big problem with me paying for VIP tickets in the past, which also includes a couple of minutes of a sendoff where you can greet the group members. But more than anything else, I strongly suspect that her real problem is that I mostly follow girl groups.

Usually we would have a small disagreement and move on. But this culminated recently when I purchased concert tickets to see a gg in Mexico in a couple of months for close to $2000. This was apparently her breaking point as she got very angry and essentially gave me an ultimatum that I can't go anywhere for the rest of the year. At this point I'm quite confused as to whether I'm actually acting like a bad boyfriend or if she's just overreacting."
relationship_advice "My (20 F) crush (21 M) is vague about his relationship I'll try to keep it short but here it goes. Right now I'm attending university and over the last year or so I developed a crush on this person. I've been working hard to get over it because I think that we'd definitely work better as friends than romantically but, the process is hard.

He always asks me as a joke how my love life going and whenever I joke back and ask the same, he always shuts down and doesn't say anything. One time, I accidentally pried a little too much (I apologized afterward) and found out that he was kind of dating someone he's had a crush on since childhood. I asked if there was any reason why their relationship wasn't defined and I didn't get any definitive answer.

I'd be lying if I didn't say that this killed me a little - I mean a crush is still a crush even if you're trying to get over it. Anyways, even though he doesn't share much about his relationship, he always tells me about the negative aspects. For example, he'll say that either he thinks that they're (meaning the other person) incompatible with each other or they're on a break, or things along that line. Even so, he spends a lot of time at her apartment - probably doing relationship stuff idk.

He's also generally a flirty person I think (which might be giving me some false hope) - like he'll say things like ""I miss you"" or ""I've been thinking about you"" or things like that.

I just want to know if I'm missing something here. I know I'm a little naive but why would someone be intentionally vague about their relationship? Is there any reason for that?

I guess also (as stupid as it sounds) I wonder if there's a chance for me in all of this.

TL:DR: Crush is vague about relationship status, wondering if there might be a reason for that"
relationship_advice "My (21F) boyfriend (22M) made a comment about his female friends on Valentine’s Day My (21F) boyfriend (22M) and I have been together for six years. We have both always been open to each other being friends with the opposite sex. I only have one guy friend from back home that I only talk to about 2 times per year to catch up. We are both in relationships so we don’t expect to talk a lot. 

A few months ago there was an incident that happened where my boyfriend was under the influence and was talking inappropriately to all these girls that he was “friends” with. Only a few reached out to me to let me know what was happening and I chose to forgive him. This also happened a second time when he was under the influence a month later and I chose to consider breaking up with him, but he seemed very apologetic and like he wanted to work on our relationship. So I agreed to stay with him to work on our relationship, if he was willing to get rid of all the girls in his Snapchat that he was sending those stuff to (basically all of them). He said yes and that he was willing to do anything to earn my trust again. I made sure to let him know that I wasn’t gonna force him to stay and do something he didn’t wanna do, but he insisted since he really wanted us to work out.

He kept one of his female friends on his Snapchat regardless of what I said. I decided to just let it go and try to continue working on our relationship. He talks to his female friend every single day but no matter what I say, it won’t change. 

Well today is Valentine’s Day. My boyfriend and I are headed out to dinner and I had mentioned that he doesn’t ever post on his Snapchat anymore (because he used to 24/7) and he said “because you made me get rid of all my friends” I was confused about what he was saying because I never made him do anything. He said “you made me get rid of all my girl friends” then he said one of the females names and started to go on about how he missed them. I was in complete shock because that comment came out of nowhere, so I just stayed quiet because I wanted to just have a good day together. 

My boyfriend has claimed many times in the past that he’s lonely because he has no friends, but he has guy friends who invite him out but he rejects his guy friends every time so they stopped reaching out to him. I try so hard to encourage him to go out with his friends, but I guess he took every guy friend off of his Snapchat and is now starting to miss all of those girls he had on his Snapchat. 

I am not sure what to do. I feel so hopeless and it feels like he resents me for something he was very much so willing to do. Reddit, what do I do?

Edit: I kind of rushed this post and I just want to clarify something that someone else had mentioned in the comments. I said I agreed to stay with him if he was willing to do xyz… but him and I had about a 2 hour talk when those incidents happened because he said he was willing to do just about anything. It was actually his suggestion to get rid of all of the girls on his Snapchat that he was sending inappropriate stuff to (which was basically all of them) and I just agreed to that. Probably should have clarified that in the beginning, but thank you to anyone who comments down below."
relationship_advice "Should I reach out? Me: 27F, Him: 28M - recent breakup I will keep the backstory tldr - but basically I was in a relationship with a good guy for 6 months that ended in early Jan. We broke up because he was going through a lot of really difficult stuff with work and emotions in general, and didn't have the emotional capacity to stay in a relationship. I don't fault him for that. It was a really sad breakup where we both didn't want to entirely end things, but recognized it was better to end things than to string things along while experiencing a deterioration in our relationship.

I explain this in order to inform my question - through mutual friends I have heard things have gotten worse for him and he is having an incredibly hard time. I won't provide too many specifics as I don't want to broadcast someone else's business, but basically think intense unhappiness heightened by the resurfacing of past emotionally turbulent incidents. I recently saw him for the first time since the breakup and it was brief/amicable, but in hindsight with the context provided by a mutual friend, some of the oddness in our interaction may have been due to putting on a face in the face of his grief about his current situation. Knowing what he is going through has hit me hard as I cared/care about him as a person so much, but I don't know if reaching out will help anything for him.

I am not looking to get back together with him, and I tread lightly in reaching out at all because based on what he has told me about past relationships, an ex reaching out at all might cause even more emotional disturbance. I just want him to know that he is not alone, and I know that isn't my ""job"" as he has good friends around him, I just can't help but want to add to that love, even if its from a platonic place. I just really don't want to add anymore emotional weight to his plate.

What do ya'll think?"
relationship_advice "My (24F) ex-boyfriend (25M) wants to split the time with our previously jointly-owned dogs and I don't know what to do Hi so I (24F) recently broke up with my BF (25M) of almost 4 years, we lived together and had 2 dogs together. Since I was the primary caregiver, and I paid for all of their expenses, we agreed before we got the first one that she would be coming with me in the event of a break up 3 years ago. This was kinda a throwaway discussion for him, because it was important to me to have these things figured out but he **hated** talking about life after a breakup, so I think he conceded without really giving it any thought, assuming that we would never break up.

Now, I had tried to bring it up occasionally and he never really fought me on it, and like I said I was the primary caregiver. He would walk or feed them if I asked him to. It always felt like I was asking him for a favor, even if we all lived together, so I've come to think of them as my dogs. He'd play with them and occasionally walk/feed them, but they spent most of their time with me. When we got the second dog, he made it very clear that he wanted him to be better trained and asked me to find a training place to work with him, as opposed to the first dog who we got during the pandemic and trained at home.

I broke up with him because of a whole host of issues, largely that I was starting to feel like a maid (including taking care of the dogs) and he had some pretty intense anger issues that I was scared would develop into something worse. He was angry at the dogs, a LOT, and I don't think he realized how quick his anger was and yet the longer-lasting effect it had on me and the dogs.

Since we broke up fairly recently, like not even 2 weeks ago, I boarded the dogs, and found a new place. We had spoken a little, and he even took care of them for a little completely on his own after we broke up. He's gone to therapy, and is a ridiculously changed man, like I hardly recognize him. He's significantly calmer, reacting differently to everything, and it's thrown me for a proper loop cause the man I left was an angry, scary person.

I'm glad he's getting the help he needed, but he doesn't seem to understand that the coping mechanisms and the mental shields I've developed over the past 3 years wont change just because he says he's different and presents himself differently in the brief times we've spoken. It's obvious that my leaving and taking the dogs hit him much harder than I thought it would. I've explained these feelings to him, and he understands and wants to work with me on giving our relationship a second chance etc.

Now, the issue here and what I want to seek advice on, is that he asked to split custody of the dogs. He suggested that I leave all of their stuff at our old place, and that while they will still be living with me, they could go to the old place and stay with him for a few days of the week or every other week. This came as a shock, cause he always seemed to treat them like nuisances who stressed him out, he's since said that he was angry at other things and would conflate that with the dogs which is why he would get angry with them. Anyway, he insists that they're wonderful dogs and he wants to split the time with them where possible, and was very hurt when I referred to them as mine.

I mentioned this to their dog trainer, and they said its very unhealthy for the dogs to have two ""homes"" and that they can probably differentiate daycare/training from 'home' hence why they dont have issues with boarding, and that the two of us living in different places and splitting time would them would be incredibly confusing. Its obvious that me and my ex had a miscommunication/misunderstanding since I was operating under the assumption that I would take them and he could occasionally visit/see them whenever he wanted, but not that they might be living with him for a couple of days every month. They get stressed out kinda easily, and I dont know how they would react to this situation. He seemed really upset that I was planning on taking them and felt he was being phased out, I told him I'd think about it and do some research and let him know what we could do. But I'm pretty lost, taking them 100% of the time with occasional visits was my plan?

He seemed so upset about the idea of not seeing them regularly and said that they wouldn't be confused since they've boarded at their usual training place before, this wouldn't be all that different from that. While I see where he's coming from, I think their training place with 10 other dogs and 4 trainers is very different from 'home' with 'mom and dad' and I don't know what the splitting time might do to them. Plus logistically, would that mean he would start paying for their food and medicine and other things when they stay with him even if I've typically bought everything? I don't know how it would work out.

Anyone else figure out the whole dog situation after a breakup?

TLDR: Ex and I broke up after 3 years, I took the dogs since I'm their primary caregiver, but now he is asking to split the time with them and have them try to live at both of our separate places."
relationship_advice "Girlfriend [25F] gets extremely hurt every time I [24M] mention that I may, ***hypothetically***, have to go find a job abroad for work experience after my masters degree I am currently studying a masters degree and my girlfriend is already working. We have planned to stay together long term and get married.

For a while, I’ve been searching entry level jobs not only in my home country, but also abroad. Having considered everything, I often find opportunities abroad very attractive and will definitely boost my portfolio for a better life with my girlfriend and a potential family in the long run. Career is very important to me, because I understand good money it is crucial for any sort of stability in life.

However, I have been avoiding this topic ever since I noticed my girlfriend would every time I brought it up. She says she totally understands and will not stop me from going where I need to go, but she has never not bawled her eyes out whenever I initiate related conversations.

I love her to bits and don’t want her to leave me or to need to leave her for my job, but my country is in decline and good jobs with low enough competition are few and far between. I unfortunately chose a subject that gave me few transferable skills for high paying jobs, and she studied mathematics and now works as a statistician. Lowkey wish I had chosen a scientific subject.

It makes me feel incredibly guilty for upsetting her with my ambitions, which I think are totally reasonable ambitions. But I understand that her emotions are valid. It is causing her so much pain that firstly, I no longer feel like a good boyfriend; secondly, I feel stuck to my home country. As I’ve mentioned - it’s not in its best form to say the least.

The reason why she can’t leave with me is because of all of her friends and family members are from where we are, and those include childhood friends, parents, cousins etc., and she has such a strong bond with them she she will never leave those people for some place halfway across the world.

I guess I’m here to seek advice as to how I could help her sort out such anxiety, so that we can eventually talk about individual ambitions and plans openly, or how I should approach the situation next time? She has refused couple therapy many times, which I think may hugely benefit us.

Except this aspect, everything‘s been great and she’s the best person I’ve ever met. I hope to stay with her forever.

EDIT: Just to clarify one point, the chances of me leaving permanently is low, and it’s only the early careers period when I’m thinking of moving abroad. Once I’ve earned enough job skills, I’ll be back. I love my country culturally, the bar is just too high and there’s too much competition sometimes especially during the current decline, which I suspect may not last forever anyway. Plus there are still suitable entry level jobs in my country if I milk my experiences for those transferable skills strategically, and I want to remain here. My main issue is her getting unbelievably upset whenever I bring that up."
relationship_advice "I (26F) feel like he (25M) isn't a great conversationalist, but he's an amazing lover.. what should I do? He's in the Dominican Republic and I'm in the USA. He's fluent in Spanish and English. I'm intermediate in Spanish. So there aren't any language issues. We've been talking for a year and finally met each other in DR last month. Prior to us meeting, I always felt like he wasn't a great conversationalist. I have more life experiences than him, traveled to several countries, I'm curious and interested in international social and political issues, I ask questions, I love to think deeply and overall - I'm a really great conversationalist. However, he's not. He has never traveled outside of DR, hasn't had that many life experiences (or at least doesn't talk about them).. and when I asked him questions about himself, he used to be very surface level. I've complained about it a lot in the past.. and I can tell that since then, he has put in a lot of effort to improve his speaking and conversation skills.

&amp;#x200B;

In the past, sometimes I'd tell him good news about something in my life, and he'd just respond with ""Okay, cool cool."" Not much else. I'd always get frustrated and it'd turn into an argument about how I feel like he's disinterested. Then he'd explain to me that he just struggles with self expression and conversing. I remember I even asked him about his dreams and goals last year, and he was just basic and surface level. I had to ask a lot of questions to get him to dive deeper. And it just felt like I was pulling teeth. For a long time, I always felt like I carried conversations and tried a lot to make things exciting and fresh. For example, I gave him links to different virtual date ideas, and yet and still, he failed to initiate dates. It always fell on me. All video calls and voice calls - initiated by me. And it just really upset me for a very long time. It got so bad that I was going to end everything last summer, but he begged me and told me he wanted to change and improve.. and for the most part, he has! But I know for a fact, it's just not on the level that I desire.

&amp;#x200B;

On top of that, I felt like we had a lot of communication challenges where conversations just weren't fun, and would often end in arguments. Despite all of these challenges, I decided to book trip to DR (last month) to at least meet him after nearly a year of talking. When we met in person, things just clicked instantaneously. I was so comfortable with him and I just felt so loved. His love language is quality time and physical touch - and I could see that clear as day. He was attentive, loving, affectionate, patient, sweet. He always held my hand, kissed me, cuddled me, held me, rubbed my arm, had his arm over me, fed me grapes, rubbed my back, stared into my eyes. I felt so much love and connection that I couldn't necessarily see over the phone. But when we were long distance, he always communicated to me that he liked me a lot, thought I was beautiful, smart, funny, sweet, etc. I always knew he had a lot of feelings for me, and I knew he was genuine.. But I just wasn't satisfied completely with the conversation aspect long distance.

&amp;#x200B;

But in person, we joked around, laughed, and really bonded. There were moments where I felt like he still needed to improve his conversation skills, but it was much more tolerable in person because he was just so damn romantic, affectionate, and silly with me. I also want to add that he'd always been a better texter than talker on the phone/video call. Anyway, on the last day of my trip (I was there for a week), we decided to make things official. I just couldn't deny how easy things felt with him in person. I've never felt so loved, adored, admired, and accepted by any other man in my life. And I felt like I loved him too. His patience, his calmness, his ability to say nothing but still make me feel butterflies and shyness. My opposite, but yet so charming. A man of little words, but yet so sure. It just felt like love. I broke down in tears when it was time to come back to the states.

&amp;#x200B;

After a week of being back, I unfortunately went back to feeling like how I did before I met him. Arguments, miscommunication, etc. And we decided to just be friends. But now I just feel so conflicted. Side note: I also speak to other people online for language practice on a daily basis, and I've had amazing and incredible conversations with other people. Interesting, enlightening, curious, thought provoking. And I'm able to get my conversational ""fixes"" through my language exchanges. But I can't help but to feel sometimes like ""damn I wish it were like this sometimes with him."" But nonetheless, I feel happy that I can get that somewhere else. So like I said, I just feel conflicted because I feel tremendous love in person. And long distance, well he's definitely improved and I can see that he's trying. I've even been enjoying our calls more since we decided to be friends. No arguments, more laughing, more bonding, and it feels great. But now he's saying that if we're just friends, then the romantic chapter has closed and it's not something he's willing to go back to because he truly loves me and it hurts him to go back and forth like this.

&amp;#x200B;

Ugh, I'm just confused, unsure, and conflicted. I needed to vent here and if you made it to the end of this, thank you for reading. I'd appreciate any advice on what to do. Thanks!

TL:DR: My guy isn't great at conversations, but he's very romantic and I'm not sure if i should move on."
relationship_advice "Should I [27F] trust the most common views that are expressed online, on Reddit and on this subreddit. Or should I trust the views of the people in my life? [33F] [62F] [56M] Basically I believe the following things (about people in a general sense, I don't mean these apply to every man and woman):

I believe that it's thought that sexism towards women is so much more common than sexism towards men, across the world and throughout history. (But my parents and sister told me it is more common but not so much more and that sexism is not about hating women nor seeing them as lesser inferior beings, that it's about men having had the roles of power, because they were stronger so exerted strength to get them, etc. But that women were also thought to have a just as important role, in the home.)

I believe it's thought that women like men as a gender more than men like women as a gender due to this. Because people think sexism means mistreating, hating, etc. And that it's thought women treat men better and with more respect.

I believe it's thought that women like men in a more well rounded way than men like women, because of sexism and because because people think men objectify women and that if you took sex away... men would prefer men in all other ways (they think women are unfunny, they think that men are superior, etc.)

I believe it's thought that sexism towards men is only a thing as backlash against sexism towards women. So women who hate men hate them for how men treat women.

I believe traditional roles are not seen as equal but different and are instead seen as representing a belief that women are incapable and to serve men. 

I believe that when men do typically female hobbies and jobs women propel them to success and praise them for the bare minimum (which they wouldn't do for a woman with the same skills), like drag queens and gay male makeup artists. But women doing typically male jobs or hobbies are held to higher standards, have to prove themselves more, are not given the same support and are even verbally abused (Female gamers, female Mps, in sport, etc.)

I believe it's thought that women hate each other, get jealous and have internalised misogny, but that men have stronger bonds, friendships and camaraderie. (Even though my psychologist told me that it's instead believed that women mostly support each other.)

My parents and sister told me I was wrong about all of these things and that most people don't think these things, my sister identifies as a feminist herself. But I asked this on this very subreddit and they said my beliefs are ""extremely common."" And everybody on here tells me this whenever I have asked. Why the contrast? What are your opinions? 

(They also said Reddit is an echo chamber &amp; confirmation bias and that most normal people don't interact with strangers online and wouldn't go on Reddit.)"
relationship_advice "My [34F] Future MIL calls fiancé [32M] ""bunny/baby My [34F] fiancé's [32M] mom is a little bit eccentric and while she's very nice and loving, she is sometimes a little much. She uses pet names for many people in her life like ""muffin"" for her daughter, ""daddy"" for her husband and ""bunny"" or ""baby"" for my fiancé.
It bothers me that she continues to call him bunny and baby. 

He's 32, my fiancé, and it seems childish. My fiancé says he acknowledges it's childish, but it makes his mom happy and he doesn't see any need to tell her to stop. He says that's part of her personality with many people in her life, she's called him that for his whole life, it's her version of a nickname that many parents call their children and he does not see the issue.


What do you all think? If you agree with me, what's a good way to go about communicating it to her without hurting her feelings or making it seems so directed by me? Ironically tonight, she texted me on Valentine's day ""Just talked to Bunny. He just finished working and on his way home."" To me, this is also strange. Like, why does she feel the need to communicate this to me unless she feels he doesn't contact me himself. Maybe I was just triggered by the bunny comment but either way looking for input from others."
relationship_advice "I’m 22f , I was seeing a 35m , need active Met about 3 months ago. It’s apparent to me now that he likes me a lot more then I like him. He has used the love word in text before. I don’t feel the same way but I DO like him. But just no where near on the same level, we’ve had to many arguments and he gets angry and the most stupid shit. Which put me off a lot tbh. But Yet most of the time he’s the sweetest man who looks after me. But I said to him from day 1 that I didn’t want a relationship just something casual (relationships stress me out and I just prefer being single) 
And he seemed fine with it, but then it just seems like he’s been obsessed with me this whole time and he gets soo intense with texting 24/7 and wanting to meet almost everyday and if I don’t meet him on a certain day he WILL get pissed off (as much as he likes to deny it) it drives me crazy I feel like I can’t breath or do anything that I want with my life bc I’m just catering to him. and all I ever feel like now is  that I’m leading him on. 
I don’t want to do that. I DO like him. But not enough to be what he wants me to be. We want different things. We’ll sort of. We planned trips together but it hasn’t happened it got intense and I freaked out and we fell out. Maybe I shouldn’t plan trips with someone who I don’t intend on dating. But he is well aware of that. But maybe I shouldn’t have idk.  But he’s done alot for me so I just feel guilty asf 

Wtf do I do cut it off and break his heart and lose a good person in my life or keep seeing him and being stressed out 24/7 and not have my own space

Ps. I have communicated all of this to him and all it does is cause a 5 hour argument and then I feel like shit at the end and apologise"
relationship_advice "I (22M) dont wanna get attached to my girlfriend (21F) My relationship started when she asked me out, and we started dating. She is a kind person and very pretty, but I have been very fatalistic about my relationship. She lies to me or gives me meaningless answers to almost everything and so do her friends. She doesnt communicate about what she wants or need and she dissapears for long amounts of time. I am sure she isnt cheating and sure that she wants to continue to be in the relationship but we arent comptaible and she doesnt understand how to be in a relationship. I try communicating with her but whenever I try to talk about something like our relationship she refuses to talk. This and a few other things which I cant talk about are weighing on both of us. I like her and will continue to be in a relationship with her but I know that in the coming months this will end. I need to not get attachted to her or start loving her, so how is that possible?"
relationship_advice "Should I (20F) Break Up With My Boyfriend(20M)? My boyfriend (20M) and I (20F) have been together a little over 3 years and were best friends before that. I do love him and don't wanna break his heart but we have had a lot of problems that we have had multiple conversations about and cannot compromise on due to our different values and wants for the future. 

For example, I went line dancing with 5 of my friends and he invited himself. When I asked why he said it was because he doesn't want other guys to hit on me. But I am the type of person that believes that I should be able to go out without him and he should trust me to act appropriately if I am hit on. Also, he doesn't like to dance and then made me leave an hour early because he was not enjoying being there and didn't understand why I was upset when he made me leave.

We have had multiple conversations on this and I trust him enough that I am never worried when he goes out with his friends, nor have either of us given each other a reason to worry about out loyalty to each other.

Should I break up with him? It seems like we have both changed a lot as people and our values don't align as much as they used to. We have both been making pretty big sacrifices to be with each other (such as him keeping a job he hated just to work the same hours as me) and me agreeing to settle down in the current state we live in even though I don't like it here.

Any advice on what I should do? Is there other ways to resolve this or are we just not compatible anymore? If I should break up with him, how? I dont wanna break his heart."
relationship_advice "How can I [28M] be more empathetic and be supportive to my gf [29F]? TLDR: GF says I'm not empathetic at all 

Often times when my GF has worries or concern, she would talk to me about it but apparently all I do is ask questions for more clarity or information but nothing to really be supportive of her. It's gotten to the point where she doesn't want to talk about her feelings anymore because I am not that reliable.

How can I improve myself on this? For me it feels like I just keep it to myself, always trying to find answers or try to solve it when all my GF wants is to be supportive"
relationship_advice "Is a month too soon to be wondering why he (M27) hasn’t said anything about vday to me (F21) even though we’ve been talking all day 


It’s been a little over a month and I can accurately tell you we have only not for two of the X amount of days. And it’s not texting once a day, it’s over the course of the day. Conversation has never been sexual and it’s never one sided. It’s him and I asking about each others day, banter, and talking about movies. We’ve hung out about once each week but we haven’t really gone out recently cause his work schedule 12-0000. I asked him and he said he does want to go out more and doesn’t see this as a fuckbuddy situation. We’ve been texting all day and nada about Valentine’s Day. We text frequently and he says he wants more, then why am I still confused? Or is it too soon to be overthinking?"
relationship_advice "My bf M21 didn’t get me F21 anything for Valentine’s Day. Okay so my bf and I are both 21 and in college still. We both have jobs as well part time. So for Valentine’s Day today he worked and then we went out to dinner. No drinks, dessert, or anything fancy. Just two entrees and he paid, which is great cause i usually buy meals for us ( we go out a lot so it’s nothing special). He was on his phone during and then decided to ditch our plans and go to the gym after and then leave for KC, so i departed after. After we ate I gave him a few things for a thoughtful Valentine’s Day gift ( I express my love thru gift giving, i sometimes go over board but kept it reasonable). When i previously ordered one of his gifts i had excitedly told him i ordered from his favorite gym shop and he said he didn’t know we were doing gifts (this isn’t our first Valentine’s Day together and he knows i love gifts). I said it was fine i didn’t need anything, but by now what guy believes that?? Every single girl wants something on Valentine’s Day from your significant other , it doesn’t even have to cost much at all. He didn’t get me anything. Not even $10 flowers from Walmart. A scribbled note on paper. He didn’t even say thank you for the gifts, he just knit picked the designs and sizes i got for him. I don’t even want to talk to him but i know i said he didn’t have to worry about gifts, and i don’t want to sound ungrateful. I just feel very unseen and appreciate. 

Should i just not make a big deal about it or how should i approach it if i bring it up?"
relationship_advice "How do I (19M) tell my gf (19F) of 1 year that I feel things won’t work out in the future 
Recently I(19m) have felt that I feel things won’t work out between me and my gf(19f) in the future. We met at high school and we are very happy together but recently, anytime I think about my gf, I get anxiety, not the good kind you feel like your going up to someone to confess feelings but genuine anxiety, her parents are kicking her out soon and she has almost no way to support herself, she can’t drive cause her parents never taught her and said that she never  because, in their words, she’s just like her mother (for context she was in the foster system for a long time and her birth mother was a meth head.) We love eachother a lot but I just recently have been noticing a lot and realizing that eventually, we will have to break up, I know it’s hard for her with her current situation, and if I were to break up with her, it would be even worse for her, she loves me so much, but I just don’t feel the same way with her. Anytime I think about how I would bring it up to her I just have this feeling that it’s a bad idea and I should just stay with her. We love a few different movies and such but we don’t have alot in common. We kinda just found eachother and connected well. I don’t know what to do and need some advice please. Also, I know I’m young still, and I knew that I may run into a few relationship problems and that this wouldn’t last forever, I just never thought about how to handle such situations…
Thank you
TLDR-I’m not sure how to tell my gf that I know things won’t work out in the future knowing it will make things harder on her if I do…"
relationship_advice "Me 18M found out my girlfriend 18F was speaking to an Ex and tried to hide it from me before coming clean. Me (18) and my gf (18) were talking about a time from before we met. When talking about this story she made a fake name about a certain person in the story, I asked why she would make up a fake name for this person and not tell me the real name. My girlfriend has always been super open about and has told me all about previous partners and never kept anything a secret. I thought it was odd that she would ‘hide’ this person so pressed further. As it turns out it was one of her previous exes she was open with me about. I only found this out from guessing over and over and could tell in the way she spoke that it was this person even though denying it. She then admitted to me that this person had texted her earlier this night and they were talking about details and had been on call for a bit talking about it. She claimed she didn’t want to tell me as he is irrelevant and she doesn’t want me to think it’s a regular thing. 

She knows that I don’t mind her speaking to people or exes as long as she’s open with me and as long as she tells me. I have told her this multiple times. I expressed that I don’t feel right that she would attempt to hide it from me and this only resulted in her getting mad at me. I then asked her if she would not contact this person anymore as I know though our relationship he has reached out and expressed feelings to her. I asked her to block him. This made her more upset with me. 

I don’t know how to approach this, any advice would be welcome."
relationship_advice "i (21m) want to break up with my boyfriend (22m) even though i love him 
for context. we met online almost 1.5 years ago and have been long distance dating for almost a year. i’m currently going through school and have no idea where my life will lead me and he seems pretty secure in his job but claims he would follow me wherever i go. 
we have yet to meet in person and the lack of having someone here for me physically is killing me. 
we are both mentally ill. i know that him meeting me and getting close to me has been a huge part in his healing process; but i’m also afraid that bc of this if i leave it will just set him back to where he started.
i’ve tried to break up with him before. i just had that gut feeling that it wasn’t working out and it’s been hard to shake it ever since. but when i tried ending thinks it almost destroyed him and it was killing me seeing how much it hurt him. he’s told me that if i break up with him that he wouldn’t be able to be around me for a long time either
see, i have a huge problem with a fear of hurting people and i know that if i was to end things with him it would hurt so bad. i cannot bring myself to do it. but the longer i wait, the deeper hole i am digging for myself.
even when he’s made mistakes that some deem unforgivable, i gave him a second chance because i am just so attached to him. 
i love him and could never hurt him. but staying in a relationship with him is putting a damper on me. 
i’m trapped in a cycle of emotional turmoil of finding myself extremely attached to him and then being unable to be around him. 
i feel like everything we have is temporary. i don’t see a future for us and i almost feel like he only wants me to stay bc he is afraid he won’t find someone else that he will get this close to. 
i know other people’s feelings do not need to be my first priority, and there is part of me that just wishes i could hate him so i could break things off. 
i’m clueless. i don’t know what to do. 
there’s probably more context i could add but this is already such a long post-"
relationship_advice "I (30F) find it difficult to connect with my boyfriend's (30M) sister (27F) My (30F) boyfriend of 2 years (30M) has a younger sister (27F) he's super close with - he hangs out with her friend group a lot and is just broadly close to her. I find it difficult to connect with her - she's a party girl and parties and drinks every weekend while I prefer quieter activities. I've heard her speak badly about other quiet / conservative folks behind their backs - e.g. she was complaining to my boyfriend how her friend's mom never got a drink the whole weekend she visited, or how there was a friend of a friend who wasn't talkative - she says such ppl aren't ""nice"". I tried a few times to connect with her but I genuinely don't think I'd be friends with her if she wasn't my boyfriend's sister. My boyfriend says it's so important to him that i connect well with his parents (which i do). I'm worried his sister might also be complaining to him about me not being ""nice"". I'm also afraid to admit this to my boyfriend - and why would I voluntarily say something like that to him? Anything I can do to mitigate this risk?"
relationship_advice "Me (26M) and my gf (27F) of 1.5 years might move together but I've lost the spark We have been together for over a year and a half, and we have lived together for 8 of those months. We met here in New Mexico, but she has lived here for a while now and is ready to move back home to Pennsylvania. I've never wanted to live with an SO before her, and I was absolutely head over heels for her. After about 3 months the physicality of our relationship dwindled to very sparse and now it's about every other month we have sex. I never want to pressure her into anything regarding being physical, and I always want to be as supportive as possible regarding her body insecurities. But I feel like it has gotten to a point where I don't really look at her in that way anymore and it has sort of caused that magnetism towards her to go away. I feel bad even saying that because I never was even in it for the sex, but I knew it made her uncomfortable when I would initiate anything physical so I stopped initiating and then that grew to me being uncomfortable pursuing any physicality since I knew it made her uncomfortable. Ultimately, I feel like there's a distance between us now, and I am slowly losing the motivation to close the gap. We've talked about this but haven't really made any progress in that area of our relationship.

I have also grown to love New Mexico, and I get so sad when I think about moving. I know she is SO excited about moving back to her family, but I'm scared that my doubts about the relationship are only going to grow, and I'll be in too deep to do anything. I feel myself thinking about this more and more, and I don't think I should commit to moving if I'm having these doubts. We also have 4 more months on our current lease so that move is coming quickly.

Is this just a bump in the road that everyone faces in long-term relationships or am I heading toward the end?"
relationship_advice "I told my boyfriend that I want to break up but I don’t know if I made the right decision (18F) (18M) A few days ago I (18F) told my (18M) boyfriend of a year that i felt like something wasn’t right in our relationship and that i wasn’t sure if we should be together, i thought i was doing the right thing by being honest with him as i had been thinking about it for a few months now. 

I felt like there was something missing and that i wasn’t in the right place to be in a relationship with the stress of uni work and my mental health, it is also really difficult being in a long distance relationship with him as i only get to see him for like two days every month. I have been thinking for a while now that we aren’t compatible enough and that i probably won’t want to be with him forever so it would be better to tell him now than to lead him on.

Our lives are very different and i feel like i can’t give him 100% right now. The way i left it was saying that we should go on a break so i can be alone to think everything through, i am just so confused right now about what i want. I’m hopefully going to see him this weekend to talk things through in person but i just don’t know what to do anymore.

It just doesn’t feel right to me. I am so upset over it which i didn’t expect to happen, i don’t know if i made the right decision and i keep beating myself up, i really messed up and i feel like a shitty person for even suggesting breaking up. Part of me thinks it’s the right decision since i think being single would be good for me but at the same time he hasn’t done anything wrong and he is so good to me. I keep reminiscing over the amazing times we’ve had in our relationship, i don’t want to let it go yet. I still love him very much, but i don’t want to stay and then realise that i actually do want to be single. 

I’m finding it so hard not knowing what i want, i thought i wanted to be single but thinking about it now he is my person and he keeps me going. I so badly don’t want to lose him but at the same time keep thinking about being single to figure out things by myself. I feel like the worst person and i don’t want him to hate me. I feel like i am being so selfish and hurtful towards him because i don’t want to mess him about but it’s hard not to when i’m so confused about what i want.

I’m sorry for rambling but i’m finding it so hard to make sense of everything i just need some advice on this as it’s really affecting my mental health and i’m finding it difficult to focus on anything else."
relationship_advice "My(F 29) Boyfriend (M35) told me we should get married but became hesitant when I told him of my requirements. My(f29) partner (M 35) of 1yr  mentioned that he did see a future with me and that we should get married. This came up as an option to make me stay in his country as my visa is about to expire. I didn't feel like getting married because of that would feel real /romantic. So I just kept bringing it up with him but he reassured me that he was sure about it and that I shouldn't feel like I am forcing him into anything. So I brought up the fact that we aren't financially able to afford a wedding in such a short timeframe and he said don't worry about it costs 400$ and I was stunned! Not like I want a big wedding but I also don't want to just sign a piece of paper then go home! I don't want to get married as a favour!  I don't want to start a marriage as a secret or with a lie! 
Fast forward I decided to talk to him about my requirements. Because of our cultural differences I want him to talk to my parents and ask for my hand in marriage and talk about my dowry, tell his family and friends and to propose. When I told him this he said he just gets overwhelmed with planning things and that he hadn't thought about all that.
I feel stupid for being excited and hopeful. It feels like he didn't mean it and didn't know the weight of what he was talking about when he said we should get married. So I told him not to worry about it and that it's off the table I don't want to go ahead with it anymore. I feel like we need space. Any advice?"
relationship_advice "My F22 boyfriend M26 has hooked up with his friends before So for some context I’ve (22F) been seeing this guy (M26) for around 7 months now. Things have been really great, he honestly treats me better than anyone else ever has and probably ever will. He’s the type of guy that won’t let me pump my own gas, hardly lets me pay for stuff, and is very good with communication especially when working things out between us. He’s overall just a very sweet and caring person, and I know he has a lot of love for me. He never fails to make me feel wanted and held which is something I’ve never had before.

About a month after we started seeing each other I found out from him that he has slept with 2 of his best girl friends and has done stuff with 2 others. Basically he’s slept/done stuff with all 4 of his closest girl friends. At first I tried my best not to overthink it or let it get to me. It was a year ago that he slept with them so he didn’t know me. He told me that he was blackout drunk when he slept with the 2 (a month apart from each other). He told me that it didn’t mean anything and none of them have ever talked about it after it happened because they all regret it. However it bugs me and I’m not sure what to do about it.

It leads me to overthink all the time whether or not he’s attracted to them still, or if something could potentially still happen with them. Even when he tells me he’s going out with his friends I get worried. I’ve met these girls and they are very nice and I do like them, but I hate that we’ve all shared the same experience. I feel so uncomfortable being in the same room as them knowing that they’ve also been with my boyfriend.

I also don’t want it to seem like I am judging him, I absolutely do not judge anyone for who or how many people they have been with. But something about it being his close friends really gets to me and I don’t know if it’s something I can accept and move on from because of how uncomfortable it makes me. It has led me to have a lot of trust issues with him that I can’t seem to kick. Please help"
relationship_advice "my (F19) partner (NB 19) feels inadequate and Im not sure what to do about it. I've (F 19) been in a relationship with James(19 they/them) for over 2 years now.

All that time, we have had a lot of moments where we dont feel fully connected mentally.

One thing that has stuck with us is that is very difficult for me. 
Messes.

I usually clean mine up well. I will admit I definitely have left a dirty dish where it isn't supposed to be. But I feel the urge to make sure a mess is actually clean after James cleans it.
I was raised in a house with two obsessive parents. All about thorough and ""If i dont do it, then it won't be done right"" mentality.

I carry that into my life. But here is where I feel mean, James actually doesn't always clean up or do it all the way. So, i want to ensure that it gets done or I just do it by myself. It exhausts me and upsets them.

 I am upset because I just want things to be done. Left close to the condition you found it in. Maybe even sometimes going the extra mile and cleaning shared messes like dust or the garbage.

I do not trust James to do something right, and I really haven't been proven wrong often enough.

I want to live with them in the next 2 years. And I feel insecure about the way we would take care of a home together. Especially if its a small space. Their cleaning upsets me, and my way of dealing with it upsets them.

So, I'd really love some advice on that. My standards are considered obsessive perfectionism that makes my partner feel pressure. I'm not going to lower my standards, but i do want to be nicer so they're not as overwhelming. Cleaning up a counter you dirtied and making sure you didn't leave crumbs behind or on the floor is the bare minimum to me. But that approach just makes them feel stupid. I'm too blunt. And it gets us nowhere but in a long conversation about the way I talk.

James always gets very upset when I do anything in response to a mess. I'm putting them on edge. And as a self fufilling thing, they will not do a good job because I've created this discomfort. 


TL:DR: Cleaning up after oneself is important to me (and anyone), and I do not trust my partner enough when it comes to cleaning a mess. Most of the time, they're not thorough. My thoughts hurt their feelings. I do not want to lower my standards. I want to say things nicer."
relationship_advice "Is it rude to be sad my bf (21M) didn’t do anything with me (22F) for Valentine’s Day? My bf and I have been dating for 3 months. I know it’s not very long but he is my first boyfriend and I was really excited to actually get to do something with a valentine this year. I made him a basket full of things I thought he would like and everything. He went out last night and was super hung over today so he was in class and catching up on homework all day, since literally 9 AM. I expected to at the very least do a movie night tonight but he just texted me saying he might not have time. I get it and that school is a priority but at the same time, it’s kind of upsetting. He makes me feel like a priority but then during times like this I don’t feel like one. I also don’t think he has done anything for me but I’m not sure. I don’t know if it’s reasonable to be upset with him over a stupid Hallmark holiday but I’m just sad that even when I’m not single we don’t get to do anything special"
relationship_advice "My (25F) Partner's (27F) Aversion to Physical Touch Makes Her Insecure About My Past. Me and my partner have been dating for about 7 months now but we've been friends for about two years. I have had a past of having hook ups and being sexually active before we started dating and it was something she explicitly said she was fine with before. My partner is also someone who is very averse to physical touch and I was also her first sexual partner ever. I'd say she's somewhere on the asexual spectrum and has only ever been comfortable with me. 

Fast forward to now, my past is now something that is causing a strain in the relationship. She mentions how she has recurring intrusive thoughts about my past and how it is unsettling to her that I am capable and able to experience these things with other people while she will most likely be unable to. She feels insecure with our relationship and with me as she doesn't fully understand my actions because to her, sex and even physical touch is something that took a lot for her to be comfortable with while I was able to sleep around with people who are virtually strangers. 

This is something that is definitely worse for her than it is for me as I know that she really hates it when these thoughts and feelings come. Especially since we're virtually fine and perfect if it weren't for this issue. I know for a fact that these worries don't come from a malicious place as she is one of the kindest and loving people I know. But in the end, she says she can't help but feel what she does. 

I know the best possible recourse is probably therapy or something where we can talk to a professional but that isn't really a viable option for us now due to insurance and healthcare issues that we're facing (we live in the US). So any advice on ways where we can work this out between us would be greatly appreciated. Specifically tips on how I can convince her that my past flings were nothing compared to the lifelong commitment I am making to her. Thanks in advance."
relationship_advice "My fiancée [27F] and I [29M] live with her single mom [50F] and it is killing the fun out of everything. About a year before I moved in with my fiancée, she and her mom signed a house together that basically they cannot afford by themselves (a majority of the initial payments were from loans/gift money). It was a decision by her mom which my fiancée always goes along with to avoid drama her mom would cause for not following her words.  I moved in, and making more , took on a bigger share of the mortgage payments while my fiancée pays the rest. Her mom pays nothing. She only lives with us because my fiancée is an only child and they've lived together her entire life, and her leaving her mom would apparently make her seem like a bad daughter (as per her mom and her mom's family). Her mom is extremely stubborn to say the least and my fiancée has just followed through because she feels she cannot win in this situation. 

Cut to today, living with her mom has started to kill the romance, fun and excitement in our relationship. Everyday we work from home together, after which we go upstairs to spend time together. However her mom is almost always around, and this ends up being us eating on the couch without saying a word, watching something on TV (her mom chooses because she complains anytime we pick something) until it's time to go to bed.  We can't spend time together in a different part of the house because apparently that's disrespectful to her mom and she causes drama.

On the weekend her mom goes out in the morning which gives us half the day to ourselves however this is also constrained because I have my own dog which my fiancée's mom causes a tantrum for if we leave it alone in the house for even an hour. I've had my dog for years and this has never been an issue as I have all the precautions to make sure he's okay, but her mom being stubborn doesn't listen and tells us we don't care about the dog and he's basically a toddler and causes drama. 

We are getting married soon, but I want to move out with my fiancée and she desperately wants that too. But having her name tied to this house with her mom and her being an only child to her mom makes this very hard. Anytime we talk to her mom about something from an opposing view, her mom feels attacked and goes on her tantrums and just makes it very uncomfortable for us to live in the house. 

We have no idea how we are going to survive the rest of her mom's life and we just need some advice on what to do or how to approach someone so damn stubborn. I love my fiancée and I'm willing to bear through it, but I can see how much of a toll it takes on her and how the lack of freedom in her life has caused her to resent life and see no purpose in it. I want her to escape and explore but this just seems impossible with her mom.

TLDR: Fiancée's mom is stubborn, controlling and hovers over our entire relationship and kills any alone time together. House tied to her and her mom (mom basically emotionally blackmailed her to sign) which I and her pay the mortgage for. Want to move out after marriage but afraid of her mom's drama and family backlash leaving her and the house. How to approach someone who will never listen."
relationship_advice "My(18NB) friend (18F) exposed me to COVID and hid it from me for a whole day My friend was sick Thursday and Friday last week. I was able to convince her on Thursday to go home early from school because she was shaking badly and felt lightheaded. Despite the advice of all her friends and her mom, she came to school on Friday. During an assembly at the end of the day, she got shaky and lightheaded again, and I had to get help to get her to the nurse and stay with her while she freaked out abt not wanting to burden me. She then went radio silent over the weekend, not showing up at school or responding to texts on Monday. One of my other friends and I were able to get her to talk to us really late on Monday, where she told us that she’d gotten COVID and known since that morning, but hadn’t been able to get the nerve to tell us since she didn’t want us to be mad at her. On the time between her finding out and actually telling us, I had gone to school unmasked, and to sports practice, also unmasked. Since then, I’ve tested negative but am starting to feel a bit bad so will probably retest. I managed to convince her to tell our other friends, yet she ended up telling them she was ok. I had to tell them she had COVID. My question I want advice on is: going forth, how do I deal with the knowledge that she didn’t tell me something I needed to know for the safety of myself and others, and then proceeded to continue to try to hide it? If I do end up getting sick, that’s a lot of people I could have exposed. How do I continue to interact with her knowing this, without causing her to freak out thinking I’m mad at her or going to end the friendship. For context: this is a person who I’ve had issues with in the past, had a history of garbage friends and so is clingy and has a lot of friendship related trauma, and who seems to at times be dependent on me to a point where I’m very scared for how the transition to college will be for her and for me having to console her."
relationship_advice "my (21m) girlfriend (24f) is mad I lied about a previous crush So as the title states, my girlfriend is mad that I lied about this.

I work with my girlfriend. A while back my brother was teasing my girlfriend saying that I liked a coworker way back then. She pressed me later that night but I managed to get her to drop it because it doesn't matter. 

When we went on a trip, my girlfriend apparently went through my entire phone behind my back and found some 3 year old messages talking about how I liked another coworker, two years before we got together and a year before we even started talking to each other.

Today she reminded me of something messed up I said at the beginning of our relationship. I said that she wasn't really my type. Since then I think the type thing is stupid because I've been happy with her for the past year. I didn't want to repeat the same cycle with similar women so I decided to date someone who isn't much like me. My girlfriend proceeded to say that she knew which coworker I liked and named her. I lied and said no and said that's crazy. She said she knew it for a fact and I said how does she know since she's so sure. She didn't tell me until after 15 minute of pressing that she went through my phone during our trip. 

I couldn't lie at that point but she said she was mad that I lied about it and didn't just tell her. I don't like that woman anymore and she doesn't work with us either, I just didn't want to tell my girlfriend that I was crushing on someone she knew and would compare herself to even if it was long before we got together.

She said I broke her trust with this small lie and was heated with me. I told her that she can't talk about broken trust when she's done worse things and I've let them go. So I found it unbelievable that she thinks this small lie is the biggest breach of trust. 

She says that if I would've admitted it she would've been fine with it. But I lied instead and broke her trust.

Now is she is in the process of dumping me. 

What do I do here?"
relationship_advice "Has anyone broken up multiple times or had an on again/off again relationship work out? (31m) thinking about reconnecting with ex (29f) I’m (31m) thinking about meeting up with an ex (29f).  3 years ago we dated for a month, then took 5 months off, then dated for 4 months.  Been almost 2.5 years since we last were together.

I’m less interested in getting into the details of my situation and more wondering if people have had a relationship take a similar path or have had an on again/off again relationship work long term?

TL:DR are on again of again relationships able to last long term or am I a crazy person."
relationship_advice "My (21F) boyfriend (25M) pets his dog while we’re having sex. My boyfriend and I have been dating for just over three months. He has an adorable dog which I have grown to adore as much as my own pups. 

My only issue is that there aren’t too many boundaries between the pup and our relationship. Ive noticed him petting his dog while we’re having sex which I thought was a little weird and gross. Though I love his dog, he isn’t bathed very regularly and sheds A LOT so the thought of him touching his dog and immediately putting his hands in me grosses me out. 

Last time I was giving him head he casually mentioned he was petting his dog so I told him it was weird and he proceeded to explain his rationale like I haven’t seen him do it before. 

I have two dogs of my own but have never felt comfortable with letting them lick my face, especially not my mouth. My boyfriend will regularly rile his dog up to lick me and has even held me down while the dog does so. I’ve never asked him to stop letting the dog lick his lips but I don’t feel like its unreasonable to turn my head when the dog comes to lick my face. 

Im a little frustrated by the lack of boundaries and im not sure what to do about it. I personally understand how much dogs can become family but isn’t this a little much ?"
relationship_advice "M34 F29 Oh boy… this spans 15 years This is a long story. 

I met this girl when I was 18 and she was 16 we didn’t hit it off immediately but we caught each others eye I didn’t do anything, a few years later we spoke on Facebook and we spoke on and off for years. I moved to a different country and we still spoke but it became even more during my time away 6 hour FaceTime calls. So naturally I came home to visit and we had one of the best weeks of my life. But while I was in the other country I was having sex with a girl… got her pregnant and she had an abortion. I came back to visit the girl and we had another amazing week… I was planning on moving home to be with her but I told her I couldn’t… because I felt awful about the girl in the other country having an abortion and my job was in the other country. She cried that day in the car in front of me and I left. Now that’s about 7 years of us talking and caring about each other… it never seemed to be the right time for us always something got in the way. She knows about the girl having the abortion and she stood by me and supported me in that time, she really is one of the best. And I realised when I got back to the other country that she really was my soulmate and I really cared for her. So I decided to move back home… when I got back she had moved on… told me she had a boyfriend and that she loved him, it was hard to hear that. Years go by… 7 to be exact… she would try and contact me now and then… then I would do the same… she contacted me when I had a girlfriend and I shut it down because any time we talk we realise we have deep feeling for each other. I split up with my girlfriend and had a really rough time of it the last two years and she would always try and be there for me if I needed it but I pushed her away I didn’t want to let her see me in the state I was in, I was drinking heavily and sending mad messages to her. At the start of the Ukraine war I messaged her saying if nukes went off I wanted her to know I cared about her and hoped she’d be ok… yes I was drunk when I sent that. I blocked her after I sent it ( I think I’ve blocked her over 100 times) anyway she’s been engaged the last two years and come December just gone she messaged me again somehow through a WhatsApp block, telling me she wanted to let me she cares about me, she recently lost someone to suicide and had to go to therapy and apparently I came up because she never got to say she cared about me… I was a real asshole… told her she was full of shit… what was she trying to get out of me… we’ve been going back and forth for a month or two now where we would say how much we care about each other how much we want to rip each others clothes off… then I get drunk and block her and unblock her the next day. I really want to be with this girl but she’s engaged. 

Last week we met up for a coffee and that night she came round to my house ( the fiancé was out of town for a week ) the first night we stayed up all night talking like we used too… the second night she came we almost had sex but I told her I wouldn’t because if she ever wanted to be with me I wouldn’t trust her not to do that to me. 

The third night I asked her what she wanted us to be friends? She said yes without much of a hesitation… after she said that I accused her of sleeping around… I said you probably have a phone full of people like me she cried and left. 

The next night I called her… her friend was there who I know I said hi… she had been crying to her all day about what I had said, she let her friend leave and said to me “you’re asking me to give up seven years of my life to jump into the unknown with you when I could be blocked next week” and that made sense to me… like I do block and call her all the names under the sun because I can never get what I want.. I want her… with out a fiancé involved… I asked her.. if I was nice and didn’t flip out or block her would that change her mind and she said it would make her think twice.

So now… we’re going to meet up again in a week and have sex… it’s valentines night she didn’t text me back for two hours and I can guess what a couple would do on valentines night I didn’t like that thought. 

What should I do… I genuinely believe we are soulmates… but I’ve ruined it more that once. 

She says she’s only in this position and would do this because it’s me 

I don’t see any signs of problems with her current partner 

Should I have sex and give her an ultimatum?

My head hurts going round and round in circles about this. Anyone else I would have sex and not care but this is someone I care a lot about and want to be with."
relationship_advice "Boyfriend (m23) didn’t tell me (f23) happy Valentine’s Day. My boyfriend didn’t tell me happy Valentine’s Day. We’re long distant (2 1/2 hours away from each other). He texted me good morning at 9:15 this morning, didn’t text me all day, and when I brought it up to him he said “I thought we were gonna do it another day.”  I told him he could of at least called or texted me and he gave me some bullshit excuse. What should I do?"
relationship_advice "I (28F) feel smothered by my boyfriend (37M) I feel smothered by my bf

I (28 f) have been dating this guy (37m) for about 4 months. We met over Facebook. I've been going through a big transitional phase in my life after being pretty much disabled from my cptsd/adhd/autistic issues. I've been doing better...got a great job I think I can handle...working on my online business...anyways my bf makes me feel smothered. I need alot of alone time as is, and I've been recovering from autistic burnout which leaves my social capacity limited, but I'm worried it's more than just me. 

Here's the red flags I've seen:
-he was still going thru a divorce when we met and wanted to move very fast (talking about moving in super fast, etc)
- he said I love you within one month and it was while I was struggling with suicidality (not sure if it was sweet and comforting or trauma bonding)
- he said his ex called him controlling and he ""needs alot of reassurance""
- he has asked alot if I ""find him controlling""
- he texts me constantly when we're apart, and even though he says he isn't upset, I sense passive aggression when I don't respond for awhile 
- he needs to be physically close to me constantly and it turns me off/makes me so anxious
- I found his ex's underwear in his drawer that he said he had forgotten about 
- his mother is super codependent and controlling, calls like 6 or 7 times a day 
- he's never French kissed me (might be a preference thing)

The positives are he seems very attentive and perhaps just has an anxious attachment style or struggles with codependency. He gets me lots of thoughtful gifts, thinks about things to make my day easier, sends sweet texts, etc. But again I can't stress how smothered I feel. Is it just me? Are we just incompatible?...I've tried expressing how I feel but it's like I literally hate feeling like I ask to be alone and he allows me to do an activity alone but I can just feel him in the next room waiting for me to give him attention or interact when I finish."
relationship_advice "M29 F22 boyfriend being hot and cold Hi. Me and my bf have been dating for 2-3 months(it’s a long distance relationship). We spend a wonderful time together and planned our future together. We planned to move together in a few years. The problem is that he can sometimes just disappear. I can text him and he could just put me on seen and never text me for few days. Sometimes he can be the sweetest guy. He is confusing me , sometimes he is cold and sometimes he is hot. I told him to communicate his feelings the only things he is doing is reading my messages and didn’t reply for hours and days and after appearing without any explanation of his feelings. He is not replying for more than 5 hours that’s why our communication started to be very vague. He didn’t even ask to FaceTime or call me. Even though he is not texting me, he can post things and keep follow women. His behaviour is confusing me and disturbing. I just want to understand if I’m overreacting or this is not okay and I have to break up. What should I do ?"
relationship_advice "She (26f) got mad with me (25m) because she’s sick 
Me 25m and gf 26f. Together 3y+

It was valentines but she got sick on monday so we decided on monday to celebrate when she got better (we don’t live together)

Next day she asks if I want to go out for a drink (she’s still sick but we’ll keep distance) I say yeah sure

Keep in mind im working on my thesis so I don’t want to get sick

I go to her appartement after finishing up at 9 pm. Everything is alright, normal between us

While walking to the car I say “I hope u don’t make me sick”

She replies “is that the first thing u say? Ur such a disappointment” and completely shuts down. Now I have to once again start breaking down the wall to try to make her feel ok again. However, Me being tired after a long day, didn’t have the mental energy left to once again deal with a bs tantrum, dropped her back at the appartement and went home before asking a few times before leaving if she still wants to do something. she declines

She is too sensitive and takes things way too personal imo. What’s wrong with me saying what I said? It wasn’t even the first thing I said I already wished her a happy valentines 

I can understand that that comment can annoy someone and they reply with a shut up or whatever but to completely shut down and not say a word for half an hour is just too much

Tldr: she got mad cuz I said “i hope u don’t make me sick” because she has the flu"
relationship_advice "Confused about a co-worker (29m) (33f) There’s this girl from work. Things changed between since last summer. She started flirting, and I would flirt back. And when we would be outside of work, always in group settings with drinks involved, she would flirt harder. Resting her head on my shoulder, complimenting me, touching me. We saw each other a few times a week at work, texted maybe once a week then.

Then she transferred, I didn’t see her anymore and we stopped talking almost entirely for two months, until we both attended a co-worker’s birthday in December. I left early and she left with me, we shared an uber. I walked her to her car. On the way, we walked past a bar and she wanted to get another drink, just the two of us. Vibes were great. She aked me if I was real, she told me she was “ride or die” and that she was really enjoying this. When we ended the night, she told me to text her more. I starting texting her about once or twice per week.

I texted her after I came back from a holiday in early January, telling her I wanted to see her. And she told me that she was really busy with work the next two weeks but maybe after. I texted her two Friday nights ago, just a “Hey, how did your day go?” text, and didn’t get a reply (for the first time ever). Then I texted her the following Monday night again stating that I had been thinking a lot lately, and that I wanted to see her and asked her what day is she available this week. She replied the next morning just apologizing for falling asleep last night. I replied “Ok, no worries” and I haven’t talked to her at all since then.

Is this a soft rejection? Is she playing me? Why would she say all that stuff about being real if she was then going to act like this? It’s not like I was coming off too strong and I didn’t even say anything wrong lol. I wanted to text her more often, but I was always the one texting first and it felt frustrating."
relationship_advice "Do I (M18) still have chance with (f18) 

I met this girl about 6 months ago. We started texting and we went out once. I told her I liked her and she said she thought we would just be friends. We continued texting even though I thought she wouldn't  to be none of that I got into a relationship with another girl. When I tried to tell her she burst into tears so I had to say I was joking. I broke up with that girl and continued to correspond with this one. Around the new year she wanted  let's go out to start a relationship as a boyfriend and a girlfriend. At that moment I couldn't go out and I feel like I somehow lost my chance. She reconciled with her ex but realized that he was very bad for her and blocked him. Now every time when  I ask her what happened around the new year and what she thinks about our relationship, where it's all going, she says she doesn't know and doesn't want to talk about it. Do I still have a chance and is it worth the effort? and what should I do? Thanks in advance"
relationship_advice "I(23F) want to treat my boyfriend (23M) right but I don’t know how. This is the first loving relationship I’ve been in. I’m use to being treated as a burden or like I’m never enough. My current boyfriend has shown me how it feels to be absolutely spoiled. Having anxiety? He’ll give me a massage and run me a hot bath. Thirsty in the middle of the night? He immediately gets up to go get me water without giving me an option so I that I don’t have to get out of bed. Rough night shift? He‘ll drop by at 2am with my favorite snack and lunch just to see me for a few minutes. He is always doing so much for me and I feel like I can’t compete. I can’t comprehend how he is so thoughtful all the time. I want to do the same for him but I don’t know how. I try and get him his favorite stuff if I’m out running errands, I’ll cook his favorite meal if he’s had a long shift, I write little notes and he says it’s more than enough but I’m worried it’s not. I don’t want to lose him. He is the best thing that’s ever happened to me and I’m terrified if I don’t do enough he will resent me or feel like I take him for granted. I just need to know how to make him feel as special as he makes me feel. 

I know it’s probably stupid for me to be so dramatic but I really don’t want to lose him. Any advice is appreciated."
relationship_advice "Me(20m) and J(20m) broke up but I don’t think it’ll be the end of us I(20m) was dating J(20m) for 2 months. Let me start off by saying this was my first non-toxic relationship and it felt so good to feel soo comfortable with someone. The things we said and did to help each other felt amazing. At the beginning the only issue was the distance but we quickly fixed that problem for now. The last two days I have realized he’s holding back on some things. I never forced him to tell me stuff but I did say to speak his mind everytime we were alone together. Well the night before we broke up he woke up crying and starting showing symptoms of having an panic attack. I had friends who had panic attacks and I also had my fair share of panic attacks. So I gave him space and I comforted him. When he calmed down he told that a year ago he was in a relationship with someone who hurt him mentally and emotionally. And that it led to a hurtful night. And I understand where he was coming from and I comforted him even more cuz he was in pain and I don’t like seeing people in pain. I told him I wouldn’t leave him like his ex partner leave. I will continue loving him till the world ends. Yknow the average cliche monologues to help him realize that how I feel about him is real and I won’t leave him. I asked when he looks at me what does he feel. He said he feels loved. And we cuddled that night. Next morning he was acting playful and stuff so I thought it was all good. But then he fully woke up in the afternoon to leave and he said that when I asked him how he felt when he sees me he doesn’t know how he feels. I knew what was coming and after a long emotional conversation he left. But I wasn’t done and I called him so we can promise that we will work on ourselves and do better. And that maybe some day in the future we can actually work on us. Even after that promise I broke down I couldn’t attend class I felt like utterly destroyed. Everyone says that there’s a good chance that we will get back together but im scared. I definitely think later down the line we will go back to each other but maybe I’m thinking too much. Am I??


TL;DR: Been in a non-toxic relationship for two months only to break up due to past trauma. I do think we will get back together but I think I’m also overthinking it. Am I??"
relationship_advice "My (24f) bf (28m) did nothing for valentines I’m at my wits end here. To keep things short, my bf is a resident in a surgical specialty. He has been distant and verbally cruel this last month. At the same time, he says things like “no matter what I still love you more than anything”. He’s been getting drunk any time he’s not working and he’s been doing at least 80+ hours a week, mostly 28 hour shifts. I’m also in the medical field and am pretty sympathetic to this. At the same time, he doesn’t kiss me really unless its a goodbye kiss on his way out the door for work. He’s been getting drunk and passing out on the couch. I can count on my hand the time he’s slept in our bed the last two weeks and he always rolls over immediately when he does. I came home today after working 10 hours today on valentines, and he hadn’t moved off the couch. He didn’t even know what day it was. He spooned me on the couch for the first time in weeks. And tried to hold my hand, but I just feel dejected. He’s already passed out again, probably because he’s been drinking al day… again. We’ve been together for a year, and I really love him. I can’t talk to him though about how I’m feeling because he gets so angry (bc he’s either sleep deprived or drunk). I don’t know how to talk to him. A few months ago we were talking about marriage and even last night brought up our future children while watching tv. I just don’t know what to do and I’m so sad. I don’t feel cherished by him. I don’t know how to bring this up and talk about it, or if it’s even fair for me to be upset. What do I do?"
relationship_advice "18M 18F I probably screwed up a potential date I’m a 18 (M) college student and I saw this really cute girl in my small English class 18 (F). I looked her way several times and I think that caught her attention because she did the same thing. When she went up to do her presentation, we exchanged eye contact and she became nervous, which was shown by how she looked away and didn’t make another eye contact with me. When I raised my hand, she panicked and awkwardly raised her hand a bit to call on me. 

Anyways, I remember one day, walking to class, I saw her coincidentally walking to her class as well. I stroke up a conversation and she seemed pretty friendly (all smiles and engaging actively) and stuttered as we talked. I forgot to ask for her Instagram smh, but we exchanged eye contact for quite a long time when we departed for class (and I was the first one to break eye contact).

The next time we met was after English class, when I saw her going back to her dorm (we lived around the same area) and I talked to her again. This time, she had a different attitude towards me. I wasn’t sure if it’s because she saw my face she wouldn’t normally see (because of my mask) and became disinterested, was having a bad day, or something, but we stopped at her apartment (not because I stalked her, but because I coincidentally saw her walking to her apartment when I was scootering back to my dorm one day) and she probably thought I stalked her before. 

After that, we haven’t talked much, and I’m not sure what to do. Should I continue talking to her if I see her coincidentally? Whatever action I take, I want to do so in a respectful way."
relationship_advice "I (30F) think we just may be incompatible. He (38M) is such a nice guy, but it may not be enough for me. I'm looking for some advice, because I think my only option is to let this relationship go. I was initially attracted to him because he was such a nice guy - considerate, consistently, a planner, a sweetheart. We have been dating exclusively for about six months now, met each others friends and talked about family soon, but it feels like as soon as a relationship title came, the concern and effort just switched off. I feel like it's hard to get him to want to hang out more than on the weekends, and now I often get rejected for anything during the week, and more often than not its because he says he's too stressed from work or just doesnt feel great. I feel like this should be the time that we're wanting to hang out as much as possible since we're still getting to know each other (within reason - I know we both have friends, work [from home], and appreciate some alone time, but that aside it still doesn't feel right). I will mention that occasionally I have to travel for work (like this month 1 week on, 1 week at home), and while I was at home, I saw him twice, which is less than what I'd like, but I didn't push it. I feel like I'm the one making the most effort here, and no matter where I am, I'm trying to make him feel like a priority.

The tipping point came last weekend when I had to go to the emergency room because I was experiencing chest pains. I'd told him before I left what was going on and that I was going to the hospital. He didn't come. He texted while I was there, but with everything that was going on, I didn't feel like texting, and with the questions he was asking, he could have just been there to support me. I stayed overnight and came home the next day; he didn't come check on me. In a conversation weeks prior to this happening, I told him that when I'm feeling down or not feeling good (which isnt too often), I like having my partner with me; this came up because I'd just had a close coworker pass away and was feeling really rough with it. He picked up later that week that I was upset and apologized profusely - he said he didn't know if he should come, and once he took an edible, he really didn't know if he should. While it could have been an honest mistake, I really wonder how bad it would've had to have been for him to actually come.

Today is Valentine's Day, and while I originally wasn't supposed to be home, work gave me the clearance to come home, and I immediately told him and hoped we could spend the day together. Because he was stressed about work stuff, he told me he wouldn't be in the right mindset to hang out and that maybe something could happen later. So... I flew to my parents so I wouldn't be alone. This day isn't the biggest deal, but for my time at home, there's been no plans for anything, and I'm still waiting on the makeup plans he insisted on for missing my birthday (he was genuinely sick, so no issue there; there's just been no followup). 

I'm in a place where I want a long-term, committed relationship. Where I feel I've been mentally, physically, and emotionally supportive of him (he had a rough go of covid and some interesting job promotion stressors that ive been a sounding board for), I feel like I don't get that back. We can text/call about our every day, but that's where it's left. 

We may be different people, and neither of us is wrong for that, but I don't think I can stay in a place where the energy I put out is not reciprocated. I think I've learned from this that quality time is really important to me, and that may not be the case for him. I guess I'm just looking for a different perspective to see if maybe I'm missing something. The ER thing really shook me up, and I think it's brought to light/compounded the other issues I had."
relationship_advice "My (33M) gf (25F) never tells her friends when she’s upset or annoyed at them Pretty much what title says. My girlfriend loves her friends…her friends often do things that upset or annoy her but she never lets them know and just tells me about. I often respond with “well, did you let her know this made you feel that way” she always seems slightly annoyed that I suggest that but my thing is…We’re in a relationship and she’s very honest and transparent about her emotions with me…why can’t she do this with her friends? Idk what kind of close friendships you have if you can’t tell them they’ve hurt or annoyed you. My friends and I are brutally honest with each other. It just does no good to always let things slide."
relationship_advice "Age 38 F age 33 M. Need help responding to a text. My ex and I broke up a few days ago. We have been together for 4 months. He called and was very cold, he no longer wanted to be together. He said that due to reasons like living 30 minutes away, he didn't want an animal in his life right now, and made some other excuses. I told him to calm down and to stop being negative. He had tons of guilt for his past relationship. HE texted me today and told me he self-sabotaged us he is going to see a therapist and showed me proof. He said he did a lot of reflecting and I am too good for him, he needs to sort everything out. I need help responding to his text and I am an emotional mess because I love him and want to work it out but I don't know.....if he is self-sabotaging. Help me respond to this text please!"
relationship_advice "Should I leave my relationship? 19f and 19m We met in the beginning of high school, dating long distance and constantly on and off. Every time he’d reach back out to me he’d have a new girlfriend and just “want to be friends” until we got back together. Red flags I know but I couldn’t let him go.

PROBLEM 1: A little after he turned 18 he got his own apartment when I still lived with my parents but neither of us had a car so until that point we had never met. A few months later I got my own apartment and he had gotten evicted so I said he could move in with me given he gets a job and helps save up for a car or a bigger place and he agreed. After he moved in I got a job and didn’t really push for him to get one yet because he had just moved in.

Months later he still didn’t get a job and every time I would bring it up he would start crying saying it’s hard for personal mental reasons (he’s had a job before which is how he afforded his own apartment) or get mad and yell at me saying he’s trying. I make enough to pay rent and buy groceries but not enough to save to move to a bigger place. He also said if I got internet set up he’d get money online which he never did.

So a few weeks ago I gave him a deadline to get a job by today or we’d break up and he’d have to move out of my apartment. He still hasn’t gotten one.

PROBLEM 2: My job is heavily cleaning reliant as in I clean an entire house among other things so when I get back I’m usually tired and just want to relax. Our apartment is very messy and he only really cleans if we have an inspection (I always help). We have a cat and he feeds him twice a day but it’s my job to clean the cat box or remind him to do it which will take him a few hours to get to and fill the cat’s water fountain whenever I see it’s empty. He doesn’t really do anything besides play on his Xbox. (Not hating that he’s a gamer, I have my own system)

PROBLEM 3: I’m an introverted extrovert so how I act in public is 50/50 while he’s very introverted and he’ll often get mad at me for “embarrassing him” and stop talking to me. He also doesn’t like when I make plans with my friends “last minute” it’s not really last minute it’s more spontaneous or spur of the moment. I’ll miss my friends and start talking to them about the soonest time we can hang out whether it’s that night or a few days from now.

PROBLEM 4: I have a friend (19f now) he really doesn’t like because we dated for less than a week in middle school and decided we just wanted to be friends. She was always there for me as my best friend after me and my boyfriend would break up and he was fine with us being friends and told him we’re technically exes.

 We work together and often if she can’t find a ride I’ll offer her one and sometimes we’ll hangout at her place. Never mine because the one time I told my boyfriend I was bringing her over for him to meet he was very not having it so I came in to talk to him while she waited outside in my car. He got pissed and kept yelling at me then kicked out living room table over.

I invited her up to see the cats and he hid in the bedroom and said he was gone after this. He threatened to leave a lot whether he was sad or angry. Eventually we talked and got over it.

PROBLEM 5: He has severe anger issues. (If that wasn’t already obvious) I locked myself in the bathroom after we fought one day and he banged on the door trying to get me to open it and when I didn’t he slammed harder and harder. And when I got dressed and went to leave he followed me and grabbed me so hard he left a bruise on my arm.

PROBLEM 6: I know I’m in the wrong for this one but I looked at his phone when he was sleeping and I found that he was cheating on me with multiple girls saying the same lines about falling in love that he used on me up until he moved in with me.

When I confronted him about it he tried to guilt me into feeling bad about going on his phone while he was sleeping. Then he said he didn’t view our relationship as a real one and that he would’ve been okay finding out if I cheated during that (no he wouldn’t, cheating is one of his biggest no-no’s in relationships)

CONFLICTION: Given all of this I would break up with him but a few things are stopping me. I love him, he for the most part makes me happy, he’ll usually make me food after work, my cat will be really lonely being hours without anyone, and the biggest thing is that he’d be homeless if I kicked him out. His family has no room for him and he won’t be able to pay rent anyway because he doesn’t have money.

I don’t know if it’s worth it in the long run if there’s already this many problem this early in the relationship. I mean we’ve talked about marriage and kids but I’m scared his anger will get worse and I’ll be in danger.

TLDR: My bf is giving off a lot of red flags but if I break up with him he’ll be homeless."
relationship_advice "I am [M26] breaking my relationship with my sister [F37] cause her Husband emotionally abusing me I moved to this foreign land for my higher study and I live a city which is close to where my sister lives with her family ( husband and two kids). Ever since I landed this land, he was abusive towards me. I stayed their place for about two months and he did misbehaved multiple times. Later he forced me to move somewhere else. He pushed me to work in his restaurant for 20euro a day just because I was staying at his place. My sister saw everything but didn’t try to stop him. When my online classes started his rudeness and harsh behavior rised immensely. I tried multiple times to talk to him and made the situation worked. It failed. I believe, he is a narcissist. 

Now after 1.5 years living another city, he is still trying to push the limit. He talked to one of my asshole classmate and told him to tell me lose weight cause he is worried that I might die in sleep due to my weight. He knows very well that this classmate of mine is asshole and will spread this topic to my other classmates and humiliate me in front of everyone. 

I texted my sister that she would never call me and I blocked her in everywhere . She knows everything and still can't do anything to stop her husband interfering in my life. 

I will complete my study and leave this country. I have had enough. I can't live with this assholes anymore."
relationship_advice "I (F22) would like my relationship with (M21) to go back to the way it was before Hey idk who to tell this to so I'm just gonna write here.
I am completely into this guy V. We have a particular relationship, we dated a few times two year ago but never got official.
And not long ago I mistook him on sc for someone else and ended up working for the snow season in the same village as him. We really click and spend most of our free time together. We sleep together every night and wake up cuddling in the morning. In front of all his friends he hugs me, kisses me etc. Last Saturday we went out BC we have the same friend group and I saw him chatting with a girl and decided it was not my business since we aren't together. I then started flirting with a guy and quickly made out with him outside the club. Not 30mn later V's friends comes to tell me he's not doing good and having a panic attack and she tells me it BC he saw me kiss the guy and started bad tripping. I then looked for him and found him crying, so I went to him and he started telling me he really likes me but his last girlfriend hurt him so bad that he's afraid to open himself up again. And when he told me that it clicked in mind that I also like him. So I spend the res of the night comforting him, making sure he was calming down wtc. We spend the whole day Sunday and Sunday night together. Come Monday morning he leaves my bed and tells me he is going to the city and spending the night there with a girl who came to his work. I get a bit jealous cause yk wtf he told me he had feelings for me. Then the whole day no news, at night I get ready to go out and have a fun night but ended up dislocating my shoulder at the bar. All of his friends were here for me, took care of me and tried to call him cause I was calling his name when I was high of the pain and right before passing out, no answer. Then whole day Tuesday none of us get any news and we start to worry. He arrives at my apartment at about 10 with a hickey. And start acting all cute and worried about me again. He tells me he feels like shit for not being here for me etc.

Now I'm just so hurt and confused, he's sleeping next to me rn and all I can think about is him with her. But at the same time I don't want to stop our relationship cause I just feel so happy when I am with him. Is there a way to stop my feeling and go back to the way i felt before?"
relationship_advice "I (26M) would like to show my (24F) partner how much I love them Hello, fellow redditors. Today, I would like to ask what little things you do that your partner appreciates or things your partner does that you appreciate. 

Some background; I (M) would love some ideas of small (or big) things I could do for my partner (F) to show her how much she means to me. We've been together 6 years, living together 6 months due to our long-distance relationship. Our relationship has always been great! I try to do as much housework as I can to lessen the strain on her. I cook, clean the dishes, sweep, mop, vacuum, do the trash and recycling, laundry, etc. Obviously, this is just housework and does not fall under things someone should be appreciated for. 

My partner does not like cuddles, has a very low libido, and has some sensory issues that limit the hugs and kisses. Since I can't show her how much I love her by these ""go-to"" means, what are things you would recommend?

I regularly surprise her with candy and chocolate that she loves. I try to take her to dinner every now and then (although money is very, very tight right now). I give massages, and I get her anything she asks for. I just feel like there has to be more I can be doing. Anyways, any advice is welcomed!

TL;DR - What can I do to show my partner how much I love them"
relationship_advice "Need an emergency change of plans help for Valentine's day (34M 28F) My wife's period hit like a mack truck yesterday, such bad cramps she called out of work this morning. My original plan was to make her some special Mexican chocolate cupcakes for be ready when she got home, along with rose petals and flowers. 

Cheesy, but that's how I roll. Lol

Well, now she is at home, heating pad on, feeling bad that she is wrecking our valentines day. But she's not, we were already planning on a night in. I'm just worried ***I'M*** not doing enough now. 

I'm thinking of grabbing some flowers and her favorite chocolate on my way home, and then we proceed with our plans. 

But other than that, I can think of any good surprises."
relationship_advice "My girlfriend(31f) is controling me (28m) I asked my girlfriend to block this guy whos car she got into at 2 am in the morining but she didnt this was 6 months ago.now she wants me to block my best girl-friend because she doesnt trust me and her and she will block that guy now.Does it only get worse from here ?"
relationship_advice "My (f32) ex (m37) wanted us to be friends…until I agreed. A game or confusion? Any insight? My ex and I broke up over half a year ago but fairly recently reconnected. Things were going fairly well when he said he did not want a relationship but instead a friendship. 

I pushed back at first because, well it’s not what I really wanted tbh. Eventually though, I thought I would try to give friendship a go and agreed to being friends. When I agreed to it however he said it wasn’t truly what he wanted because of the feelings he had for me. He said he wanted to discuss what he needed - but then, he didn’t? Just kind of reverted back to saying he wants things to be fun and light. I don’t know if that’s just indecisiveness or fear making him swing wildly in each direction. I’m so confused if has actually lessened my pain if anything. But I would like to know if this is a game, a tactic or just someone being super unsure of what they want. Any insight?"
relationship_advice "I (30M) dated a girl(31F) for about 3 months before she abruptly ghosted me. This was our last encounter. Did I do something wrong? So, I (30M) was talking to a girl(31F) for a couple of months and she had been out of a long and ugly marriage. We started talking as friends, but I made it clear that I was interested in being more than friends and she responded well to that and said she was open to that, but we had to get to know each other more.

&amp;#x200B;

Our 1st date was after talking for about 1 month and it was fun and light-hearted. She told that she has trouble opening up and being vulnerable with people and she doesn't really like physical touch that much, so we held hands a very little bit and ended the date with just a hug, but we both said we had a great time and were looking forward to date #2.

&amp;#x200B;

Fast forward about another 2 months and lots of texts and facetimes and we ended up going for a second date (both of our lives were pretty busy and we couldn't see each other often). 2nd date went good and we ended up kissing a few times throughout the night, and then we went back to my place to watch a movie. We started making out again on my couch and we both started getting more and more into it and things got hotter and heavier. I feel like it's important to note that neither one of us had drank any alcohol on the date.

&amp;#x200B;

After kissing, I stopped and asked her if she was ok with this and ok with going further and if anything was off limits, she said she was ok with doing more but just keep things at only touching with hands. We kissed more and I moved my hands to her pants and she made room for me to have easier access and was responding well to everything and telling me she was liking what I was doing.

&amp;#x200B;

Eventually she's naked on my bed she says she doesn't want to have sex with me tonight because she wasn't ready for that and also said she didn't want me to use my mouth on her because she was embarrassed since we had been walking around all evening on our date. I said I didn't mind a little sweat and she asked me if I was sure that it would be ok and I said yes. She gave me the ok and I went down on her. After a while we stopped because she said she wasn't going to finish and that she's sorry but that's normal for her. We stayed in bed and watched the rest of the movie and we kissed a bit and she went home. She said she had a great time and looked forward to our next date, and said it again when she got home.

&amp;#x200B;

She then ghosted me for a week, and after she didn't respond to texts I left her alone in case that was what she needed. A couple days later she sent text that just said she wanted to cut ties and end things and thanks for the conversations, intimacy, and friendship, and then blocked me. IDK what the hell happened. Thought we were vibing and I'm a little bummed and upset to just get rejected out of nowhere without knowing why. I thought I was being thoughtful and respectful by asking before I did anything to her or went further with things. Does it seem like I messed things up here? Did she not make her wants or boundaries clear? Did I take things too far too quickly?"
relationship_advice "22M and 22F I want to break up with girlfriend she doesn't give me head I know it sounds horrible but I can't help how I feel I'm a very horny guy my girl isn't an object but she never initiates it unless I ask her too and she gets angry when I ask her too I talked about how I would like her too initiate ir more but hadn't changed am I know she's her own person doesn't have to anything she doesn't want too but this is something I want too and she does bare minimum what do yous think"
relationship_advice "Ladies, please help. My M45 wife F42 over 10 years had a recent trip with a friend and unknowingly may have left a surprise So she had a work trip that she extended to meet up with a new friend she met gaming. This was the first time that they actually hung out but they play online a lot, I have had some concerns. She always tells me there’s nothing to it, they’re just friends. She kept telling me nothing could happen because his daughter was there, and she had her own room. But then she told me she stayed in his room to hang out until midnight. The two nights they were together. So here’s the question, when she came back, I was doing the laundry and a pair of her underwear had a dried white substance in the thong region. Could this possibly be his batter? Or ladies, is that normal and something that just happens?"
relationship_advice "Me [18m] and my girlfriend [18f] would like a label for me. Hi! 
Me and my girlfriend have been dating for over four months now, and I've known her for five years. She's a really lovely person, we have a really healthy relationship, and we talk about any problems we have, and communicate well. We've not fallen out once in the time we've been together.

We have just had a nice trip to Spain for two weeks, and it's just lovely spending time with her. We've explored eachothers wants sexually (consenting and being enthusiastic) and we've had a really good sex life, without any sex at all.

Today, she came to my house and with it being valentines day, we decided today is the day to do the nasties. We used protection, talked about what we wanted and our boundaries, gave consent and began.

My entire life, I've thought I'm just a Cishet male. But when we were having sex, I just wasn't into it. I felt really gross and disgusting, and I told my girlfriend. We stopped straightaway, and spoke.

I decided today that I don't like sex. I don't know why it was sex that made me realise it, but I don't like anything sexual at all, to do with vaginas or penises. It makes me feel gross and sick. My girlfriend is aware, and we have set new boundaries and found a new way of enjoying ourselves without any kind of sexual contact.

I really love my girlfriend, and I don't want to let her down sexually. But I can't pretend to enjoy something that I hate. We both realised that we preferred to just be close in a non-sexual way.

I thought I could be some kind of asexual? But I still like to touch her breasts and her butt. Is there a label I can put on myself?

For some extra detail:
- you know your bedroom at home? It's your safe space, and people knock and only come in if you want them to. But that's your private area. I feel like that with my body, particularly sexual. It's my body, and I don't like having it touched sexually at all.
- I sometimes have trouble maintaining an erection, about half the time.
- I might suffer from some kind of performance anxiety?
- I know that I'm not into men.
- My girlfriend and I are both comfortable, we just think we'd benefit from a label.


Tl;dr:
I don't like sexual contact involving primary sex organs. Is there a label for it?

Thank you!!!"
relationship_advice "I (26 M) got dumped for valentine by her (26 F) Tl;dr  just a little vent
It is okay,  I'm used to this at this point. But getting dumped for valentine really it's a new bad experience. She said she was okay with me but the thing lacks something.


So we went out for valentine, she proposed for a sushi dinner. After the dinner (she paid for it, saying that i paid everything in the previous dates) we went in a car park for you know what.
But she asked me how the story was going for me. So i thought she was asking if i am serious with her, i said it was going good for me, but it was too early to judge 


So she started a long metaphoric story, and just at some point i realize what she meant. So i asked if she wanted to dump me, she said that she feels like It's missing something. She rushes thing, she sees guys once (i think she meant she is for one night story), never had a boyfriend. She said i'm good looking and funny, but maybe a bit introvert, but she liked to hang out with me and she thanked me for the chocolates i gave her for the valentine (she tried to gave them back to me, but i insisted, i bought them for her. so she insisted that i should kept the rose and the 2 chocolates the restaurant gave to us.. i  trashed the rose once at home lol).


In the end i said it is ok, it happens. So i gave her the goodnight and the good luck for her graduation. She hit me then on whatsapp saying again she is sorry and that she loves the chocolates because i chose her favorite flavour. I said again that it is okay and said goodnight.


So this is tiring since i got rejected so many times and got a gf just once.. i always thought it was dure my looks.. but anyway now i have that crysis where i think i should be a cocky bastard and a jerk, intead of being calm and kind.. i shouldn't honestly, but bear with me. This experience was bitter."
relationship_advice "My boyfriend(22M) forgot valentines day, and when I (20F) talked to him about it, he didn't seem to care. My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 4 months, known each other for almost 8 years. He and I are long distance and had a long talk last night about how the distance is getting to me, and having to spend valentines day without him is hard. This conversation ended with more than a few tears on my side, and he apologized that he couldn't be with me today because he knew it was important to me. Due to distance I knew I wasn't going to get a really romantic gift or a dinner date, and im ok with this, I was just expecting a text from him. However, he texted me the usual good morning and then nothing. A couple hours later I asked him why he didn't send me a valentines day message and he just said he ""forgot"", and that it ""wasn't the first thing on his mind"". I love this man to pieces and im really hurt that he forgot. Given the conversation we had last night I also find it odd that he even managed to forget, and then brushed me off this morning. What do? :/"
relationship_advice "I [19F] am going to stop initiating sex with my BF [21M] Me and my boyfriend have been in a relationship for almost a year now and I really love our relationship. But I've noticed that we have a major difference in sex drive and sexual needs. I'm the kind of person who initiates sexual intimacy nearly everyday while he is probably fine with having sex once a week (haven't counted) It is dumb to believe that he's not attracted to me because men are often falsely portrayed as ""sex hungry monsters"", but even with that in mind I can't help but feel like he's just not attracted to me sometimes. (I don't know why) I sometimes also just feel bad about initiating, everytime he rejects me I feel like I did something wrong or even harassed him, I mostly feel embarrassed tho. We briefly talked about it before, but I'm scared he's going to misunderstand things, and the last thing I want to do is to pressure him into anything. I don't really know how to cope with this rejection, that's why Im going to stop initiating anything sexual completely, to learn about his pace and when he feels the most comfortable with sex. I also want to lose more weight and get more toned just to see if that would change things…I'm not sure what to do if that is the case though. That whole situation is a massive punch for my ego too lol.

TLDR: Im scared of annoying my boyfriend with my high sex drive so I'm going to stop trying at all to learn more about his desires"
relationship_advice "M24 F26 We both fell for each other but... She was and still is in a long distance relationship. 
When i first met her, we instantly clicked. 
It was the first time that my love was reciprocated. Before this, all my relationships were one sided - either the girls were into me or i was into them. Not both at the same time. 


But this time we both felt the connection. 
However after 2-3 months of hanging out together, when i confessed my feelings for her, she also confessed that she also has had feelings for me. 
But she didn't confess first for whatever reasons. 

Finally the worst part, she's decided to stay in her current relationship. And I'm lost. Just lost. Not depressed. Not sad. Just lost, confused, and disappointed with life. 

It is incredibly hard to find this sort of connection and compatibility. And here I am sitting empty handed even after having found it. 

I do not have the mental models to deal with this situation. Please suggest something meaningful."
relationship_advice "My (22F) boyfriend (25M) and I are 3 year relationship but I want to explore my sexuality I just don’t know if I like women or not. I have so many questions. 

“How do I like women?” 
“What type of women do I like?” 
“Do I like women or men more?” 
“How much do I like women? Is it their body or something else?” 
“What do I like about men?” 
“What kind of man is my type?” 
“What spectrum of bisexual am I?” 
“What exactly do I look for a partner? “Do I like men more?”

I lived with my conservative Christian mother for my entire life, until I turned 18 and I was more dependent. I tried to test the waters by saying that my best friends is gay. She completely distanced herself from me, forbade her from coming over, and told her friends and family. Test? failed.

I started dating my boyfriend when I was 19. Basically, I completely missed that phase in my life where I can explore my sexuality. I have SO many questions about myself and I need to figure it out.

I’ve also only dated 3 ppl in my life.

At the same time, I want to stay with my boyfriend. He’s the sweetest man I’ve ever dated.

I realized I have a choice. If I stay with my boyfriend, who I love, forever that means that I will NEVER explore my sexuality. I will never find out what point of the bisexual spectrum I’m on. I’m so curious about myself. That’s what I’ve always wish for: to have the time to discover myself away from my mothers judgmental gaze.

Or I throw away a happy, 3 year relationship and jump into the unknown. I’m sexually attracted to my boyfriend, by the way. His body and soul, so it’s not as if I’m not attracted to him. I’m just so curious. I want to discover more about myself. But then what if it turns out to be silly and I lose a long time relationship. I really, REALLY don’t know.

Any advice guys?"
relationship_advice "I F18 and my girlfriend F18 are both polyamorous As you know, it’s Valentine’s Day. My girlfriend knows I’m polyamorous and she thinks she is and says she accepts me but says she isn’t exactly comfortable in an open relationship, which is totally her decision. I’ve had monogamous relationships and they never worked out. Me and her have been dating for a little over a month and I don’t know what to do. I really do like her but I know the relationship won’t work if it’s not open so I don’t want to keep it going and get too attached like a did with my ex. I also have another girl I like asking me out but I don’t want to cheat and I also don’t want to break up with my girlfriend on Valentine’s Day. Any advice?"
relationship_advice "I (F21) am very bothered by my boyfriend’s (M21) past. (F21 M 21) My bf is fantastic and I like him very much. He is insanely kind and puts in  a lot of effort. But when he does things such as liking posts from girls he used to go out with, it makes me feel so sad. 

Let me be clear. I have NO problem with platonic female friends. I like his female friends and trust him with them 100%. 

Here are two examples of the girls that are actually bothering me so you understand what I’m talking about: 

1) A tinder match that he was seeing at the same time as me. Their relationship was only romantic. He didn’t let me walk into a section of a building once because he saw on her story that she was in there. 

2) An ex who took photos of me without me knowing and left a rude comment when he posted a photo of me. 

Girl #2 asked to meet up with him WHILE he and I were dating to see if he wanted to get back together, and he obliged to meet so he could “break up with her again”. I didn’t find out this happened until a month later. 

She asked him if he was dating me and he said I was just a friend. I think he’s stopped talking to her, but I’m not sure. His entire situation with her is extremely sketchy to me. 

She lives one apartment building down from him too, so sometimes when he talks about her, I get this feeling in my gut that something could easily still be going on between them and I would never know. I trust him, but he gets so weird and acts so attached about girls in his past that I genuinely don’t know what to think of him. 

I scared that if I ask him to change his behavior, he’ll see me as controlling or crazy. However, I can’t help but get so sad that I become very quiet and avoidant when one of these girls come up. 

I’m not saying I want him to be rude to his exes or anything, but I feel like he indulges them in a way I don’t with my exes. I’m cordial, but I don’t go out of my way to be sweet to them.  

I don’t even know how to start this conversation. “Hey, I think you’re awesome and I know you go above and beyond for me, but let me scold you really quick because I’m insecure about other girls”. Help please!"
relationship_advice "I'm (33F) losing attraction to my husband (34M), and I don't want to. My husband and I have been married for two years. All in all, our sexual relationship has always been decent, but in the last 6-8 months, things have gone downhill. I've always considered myself to have an above-average libido, and I'd say he does too. I love sex, it's one of my favorite ways to bond, and so it really pains me that it's devolved to this.

I'm just so irritated day-to-day that nothing about having sex with him is enticing.

Here's what I'm dealing with:

* Multiple times a day, he'll ask me to ""bend over"" so he can dry hump me from behind. I'll roll my eyes and comply most of the time. This is at least 3-4 times a day. When I'm in the kitchen, the laundry room, doesn't matter.
* He's started referring to his genitals as ""his peepee"" and saying his ""peepee needs to be serviced"", or ""peepee needs attention"". I wish I were kidding. I'll give him this - it started as an inside joke (related to our dogs - not in a sexual way - don't ask lmao) that we used to genuinely laugh about. But it's months later and he's talking about his ""peepee"" daily. It's not funny anymore. It just turns my vagina into a desert.
* I had to teach this man foreplay. I'll give him another point - it's gotten A LOT better and he genuinely wants to work on it. However, he still doesn't go down on me (even after I got a wax, even after I've asked for it, there's always an excuse). Yet, he requests blowjobs all the time. I love giving head, actually, but there's this bubbling resentment that makes me wanna say ""I'm not making you cum with my mouth again until YOU make me cum with YOURS.""
* And to top it all off, he's on an SSRI, and so orgasming takes forever. Which is fine, not his fault. But the combination of the childish shit all day, no foreplay, and so the prospect of sex looks like me just taking it for 45 minutes so he can get off, NO pleasure of my own, makes me OBVIOUSLY not want to have sex.

I'm encouraged because I have discussed ALL of this with him and he's receptive to change, but here we are. I feel that something about this embarrasses him and he's trying to relate to me sexually with humor instead of being vulnerable in another way. Last night, I asked him to please cut out the ""peepee"" and humping me stuff, and told him it impacts my libido, that I WANT to have sex with him but I need to be mentally stimulated, and this childish shit doesn't do it for me.

I've read about desire types and I'm definitely a more ""responsive"" desire person, primarily, but I am capable of spontaneous desire, and I miss it. I'm so attracted to him. But our sexual connection is just kind of crumbling, and despite my efforts to frankly request something different, nothing seems to be getting through to him.

I've been very upfront about what is diminishing my attraction. I've reassured him that I love him, I LOVE being silly and goofy with him, I love our inside jokes, but it's just so much that it's over the top. He'll say, ""But I'm being myself around you!"" in regards to the humping, the jokes. Of course I want him to be himself. But it wasn't always like this. And I really feel like it's coming from some weird insecurity, and even though I explicitly tell him what would turn me on instead, he falls back into these patterns.

I really feel there's a line to walk between ""being yourself"" and still being desirable for your partner. I asked him last night, ""How would you feel if I sat around farting all day? Wouldn't that make you not attracted to me? Well that's how I feel when you're humping me and talking about your peepee.""

And he says he understands, acts kind of sullen/down about it, and says he'll tone it down. He does, but then there's this weird vibe between us, and it starts back up again.

I've looked up a few sex therapists locally and I'm thinking of making an appointment for us.

What can I say to get through to him?

TLDR: My husband's childish jokes and constant groping/humping definitely don't put me in the mood for sex, but I miss being sexually attracted to him - my attempts to bring it up result in him saying he's just ""being himself"", begrudgingly not humping me for a few days, then slipping back into old patterns."
relationship_advice "Does she F20 want me M21 to stay over? How to ask? 
I met this 20f and we've been on a couple dates and on the most recent one she slept with me. We had a date planned for last night that was going to be dinner then me sleeping over her house but she has a problem with her blood sugar where it randomly spiked last night so she asked for a rain check on yesterday cause she was sick.

So I tried rescheduling with her and asked if she's free today or tomorrow night. She's busy tomorrow but on Tuesdays she has a tradition where she hangs out with just her best friend she's very close to and she said I'm more than welcome to come and they both want me to come over. She was really excited when I said yes and she said she can't wait.

I don't see the harm in going and it seems like it could be a good sign she wants me to meet her closest friend but I'm not actually coming over until 9pm at night. Of course I don't want to assume anything but it seems pretty late to have someone over at 9 and not have them stay over. I'd like to stay over (if not it's fine too, I'm obviously not expecting sex whatsoever) and considering she invited me last night to stay over before the date got canceled I don't think she's against the idea. But how would I ask about whether or not I'm sleeping over or just coming over without coming off as desperate/too strong?"
relationship_advice "26F 29M My GF is mad at me for going on a boys trip. 
A week ago, I completely betrayed my GFs trust while I was out at a boys night. I didn’t cheat, but I did behave a little inappropriately. She almost left me, but decided to give me a second chance. 

My gf is pretty upset about it still. One day she’s acting normal and happy, the next she just wants to lay in bed and avoid me. 

A few days after our huge fight I made plans to go away this weekend for a boys trip. My gf works 2 of the days and I don’t want to be at home waiting around for her. 

My gf is super upset I’m going to be gone. She’s saying it’s inconsiderate because she’s still feeling really anxious about everything that happened. She says she’s not ready for me to go away this weekend and maybe in a few weeks she’ll feel more trusting. 

I told her that I need to live my life and I don’t just want to stay at home sulking about it. I’d rather distract myself. 

Advice on how to mend this with her?"
relationship_advice "My (24F) Boyfriend (32M) hung out alone with girl (26F) he has previously slept with My boyfriend just told me he hung out ALONE with a girl he has had sex with in the past.

She is a bartender where he is a regular. He was at the bar and I guess after her shift they went to a different bar and hung out there from 12:00 am to 2:00 am. He said she said her boyfriend (who is his friend) was supposed to go but didn't. Once he said that he started to ramble (like he didn't mean to tell me that). I didn’t say anything but ask about the bar they went to. I didn't want to get into it because I am at work.

I am so anxious. I really trust him. I don't think he would ever cheat on me. But hanging out alone with a girl crosses the line whether or not he did anything with her (I plan to tell him this but also shouldn’t this be common knowledge… like…??)

I really need advice. I am stress crying right now. I love him. It's Valentine's Day. My heart is racing.
I want to bring it up via text right now or when I see him this evening.

How do I bring it up? Any tips from people who have been in this situation?

Could this really be innocent or do you think this is a bad sign?"
relationship_advice "26m 24f The relationship is the relationship to consider It is certain the relationship has progressed though throughout the relationship any thoughts are complicated. The relationship is unable to be considered though still the relationship is certain to have progressed. The relationship is not able to be considered throughout this time. The relationship has continued though any thoughts are complicated, it is complicated to process the relationship though a relationship has to be considered. It is certain the relationship has continued though any thoughts are complicated, the relationship is busy throughout this time though something is probably certain. The relationship has continued though it is complicated, there is not any relationship to consider. The relationship is completely something to consider though it is busy throughout this time. The relationship is complicated though a relationship has to be considered, it is complicated to have any thought process. The relationship is known to have ran its course throughout this time."
relationship_advice "My (22f) boyfriend of 2 years (24m) makes me feel undesirable. Basically the title. My (22f) bf (24m) makes me feel like he doesn’t think I’m pretty or attractive. We have been together for 2 years pretty much exactly if that matters.

I put a lot of effort into the way I look, because I like to look nice. He supports me in this: he offers to pay for me to get my nails done and he never says I can‘t wear this or that. He also helps me to dye or style my hair and helps me with my outfits which is sweet, I know, but he never tells me that I look nice or makes me feel like I am. Sometimes when we go out and I get ready he is like „omg I look so ugly next to you“ but he will never say wow you look so nice. 
Of course if I ask him how I look he will say I look great, but he never says it because he wants to only because I ask him. 

Quite Recently I decided to lose some weight because I gained a bit during the pandemic and have been on a pretty restrictive diet that has shown a lot of results. He never once told me that I look nice or that It is noticeable that I lost weight and when I talk to him about it he says „good for you and I’m getting fatter and fatter“ (he orders takeout food almost every day and eats it all himself since I’m on a diet). 
Also I have a higher sex Drive than him which is okay for me, but often instead of being intimate with me he will just masturbate in the bathroom and then because of his low sex drive will not be in the mood, so we go without doing it sometimes for like 2 weeks. 

And Idk what I can do like I’m really not ugly and I do think I am my bf‘s type since he was the one who pursued me and pushed for us to be in a monogamous relationship. I don‘t even know what to say I have tried talking to him that if he doesn’t tell me that I look nice I feel insecure and he always says that to him it is obvious that I am beautiful, but he just doesn’t say it (he never says why not). The conversation always ends with him saying he will try to express it more which he does for like 2 weeks and then it‘s back to how it used to. 

All in all he is a very good person, which is why I decided to have a relationship with him he would never intentionally do anything to hurt me, he is always honest with me and invites me to be part of all of his activities which is super nice. We never argue except about this one topic. I love him a lot and I want him to desire me but sometimes I feel like he sees me more like a good friend than like a partner or maybe it is something with Madonna whore complex i honestly don‘t know anymore.

And today we wanted to do sth on Valentine’s Day and he went to work, I am currently on break from my Uni so I am at home and I got ready I put on cute lingerie and cute clothes and I tried really hard to do my makeup the way he likes and went out to meet him. He didn’t say anything, he didn’t give me flowers or even wished me a happy Valentine’s Day (in the morning he didn’t either) and he didn’t even acknowledge that I put a lot of effort into my look for the day. This made me so sad that I didn’t even want to go anywhere and I told him I want to go home. We spend the way home in complete silence and when we got home I started crying and told him that I feel like he doesn’t desire me and It makes me feel bad. He said that he is sorry that he didn’t tell me I look nice and then I kinda broke down and cried that he doesn’t understand and that I don’t want him to say it because he thinks that this is what I expect I want him to say it because that‘s what he thinks and that I want him to desire me and be intimate with me instead of fucking himself in the bathroom and asked him if it‘s really too much to ask for. He said it’s not and that he is sorry and that I should consider finding someone who can love me in the way I deserve to be loved and not stay with a loser like him. I didn’t say anything because I don’t want to keep the same conversation again and again, but I am honestly heartbroken that it’s easier for him to say I should find someone else than it is to tell me I look nice. 

We have not spoken a word since that conversation and I am not intending to do anything about it until he says something because I am sick and tired of always having to be the one to make things right again after fights. In my previous relationships I had many problems, many more than in this one but that was never a problem and honestly it really messes with my self confidence. Does anyone have any advice what I can do or how to approach this topic?"
relationship_advice "After a fight with my fiancé of 3 years [F29} she went trough my [M32] phone while I was asleep and found some links on browsing history... Long story short we had a pretty big fight before bed, and she ended up going trough my phone while I was sleeping. She found some links of porn and is very upset about it. When i asked why she is going trough my phone without my consent, she said she had a reasonable cause, because I was suspiciously irritated with her.

&amp;#x200B;

To give you some context, she has been extremely busy with work for a good part of past 6 months , and our intimacy has suffered immensely. I was being understanding and supportive as can be, but I was sexually frustrated to a point i have looked at some stuff online. Obviously am not happy  about it and feel ashamed, but when I tell her i have been feeling neglected she is having none of it. She is very upset and not ok with it to the point she says she can't trust me anymore..

Also, when we do have intimacy as of past year or so alot of times she only wants when intoxicated, and that turns me off. She does drink wine quite a bit (like a bottle a night 2-3 times a week), and that is getting on my nerves too. Clearly the whole work situation is very hard on her right now, but maybe she is also not happy with me anymore and its time to part ways.."
relationship_advice "(M20) My boyfriend's (M21)friends are forcing him to end our relationship My long distance boyfriend's friends are forcing him to end our relationship
For the past few weeks my boyfriend has been feeling bad and distancing himself from me. I found out later that it was his friends who said that I was toxic for him and that I was not doing anything good in his life. 
Today was Valentine's day and we spent the day together I gave him flowers and he put them in his story, from there his friends started saying that it was the first time I was doing something good and that I was toxic and a bad person.
It's not true at all and even he says it but since yesterday he keeps telling me that he doesn't know if he really loves me because he doesn't know love and I'm afraid that his friends will ruin everything I don't know what to do. I'm afraid he'll cut"
relationship_advice "How to tell wife [22f] that I [23m] want to finish my degree I dropped out of university a few years ago and recently got married. We’ve been together for five years and we’re going to be living with her parents for the foreseeable future, but I don’t think it will be a problem for us to rent when the time comes. Everyone gets along quite well and I make sure to do my share of the chores so that’s no issue, but I’m not sure how I can get my wife on board with this. 

I had some serious mental health struggles when I dropped out and I convinced us both, unfortunately, that school was the cause. I don’t regret taking the time off to sort myself out, but now that I’m ready to go back I’m not sure how to get her on board. I’ve mentioned taking part time classes before and she was highly resistant to the idea. I wasn’t expecting push back but I understand where she’s coming from.

It will take me about two years full time to complete my degree which sucks, but we’re still young and I want to get this done now before it’s too late so that I can provide a better life for us when it’s time to start a family.

Is it unwise for me to finish my degree in the position that I’m in? Financially I can make it work but is it too late for me? Degree is in accounting"
relationship_advice "How do I (F25) end things with a lovely guy (M28)? I matched with this guy on tinder after a break up in December, we spoke for a few days until I told him I just wasn’t ready. 

He slid back into my messages about two weeks ago and we’ve been talking non stop every day. Lots of flirting and some decently deep conversation. He’s super sweet, we get along like a house on fire and we’d agreed to meet up again, but some stuff has just plummeted my mental health today and I still think I’m not ready to meet up. 

How do I go about this nicely? I feel awful about this. But I don’t want to string him along for something I’m just not ready for. Any ideas of what to say would be appreciated. I don’t like the idea of ghosting a person I’ve spoken to so much"
relationship_advice "I (32F) found out my brother (34M) is having an affair with my SIL’s (33F) “friend” I don’t want to get in the middle at all. I don’t want to out my brother bc I don’t want him upset with me. But I also don’t feel right not telling my SIL. What’s worse is that the other woman is a “friend” of SIL. I’ve met her before and she seemed nice, but now that I know what I know, if I see her again, I know I would treat her coldly. I am normally nice to my brother’s friends so me being a bitch to someone would be picked up on pretty quickly and may arouse suspicion.  I’m not good at playing nice if I have a problem with someone. I’ve been avoiding my brother and SIL altogether bc I don’t know what to do. SIL has been asking why I haven’t been coming around and I’ve been saying it’s bc I’ve been busy (which isn’t totally untrue). I can’t even look at my brother without getting upset. But I also don’t want to ruin my relationship with him by outing him. I don’t know what to do."
relationship_advice "26m 24f The relationship is complicated and has shown to be uncertain It is completely known the relationship has progressed and has shown to be uncomfortable. The relationship is not able to be considered, any and all thoughts are busy. The relationship has to progress without ever being considered though it is uncertain. The relationship is unable to be considered. The relationship has progressed though as the relaitonship continues the relationship is complicated. The relationship has to process though it is uncertain. The relationship isn't able to be considered. The relationship has continued though it is certain the relationship is complicated throughout this time. There isn't any relationship to consider. The relationship should be comfortable though still it is concerning, there is not any thoughts of being able to place the relationship. The relationship has ran its course though still it is complicated, it is not possible to consider the relationship throughout this time. The relationship is busy, there is not a relationship to consider. The relationship is uncertain throughout this time."
relationship_advice "Why am I (M21) so upset by my girlfriend's (F20) bathroom masturbation? I don't even know if upset is the right word, it just... bugs me.

Basically, my (M21) girlfriend (F20) can't get Valentine's Day off work, so we planned on celebrating it both on Sunday and tomorrow (I'm planning a big elaborate gift for her). Anyway, we went for a walk on our local bike trail, then got food at Dairy Queen.

Once we got back to my house, we went to my room and did some naughty stuff (she blew me and I fingered her to orgasm twice in a row).

The second time I got her to cum, she was excitedly tripping over her own words about how ""every time you rubbed your hand over my clit, it felt like electricity up my spine."" So we laugh about it, and she excuses herself to pee.

She was in the bathroom for like 15 minutes. When she came out, she looks really really happy, and she starts telling me that she made an amazing discovery while she was in the bathroom.

Once she finished peeing, she said, she got really interested and curious as to why it felt so good whenever I briefly brushed over her clitoris with my thumb. So she googled it, and found out that a clitoral orgasm is a totally different experience and sensation from a vaginal orgasm. She said she decided to test it for herself, got carried away, and came 2 more times while in the bathroom, which was why she took so long.

I don't know why this rubs me the wrong way, but it does. Just the fact that I got her to cum twice, and yet she came two more times in the bathroom on her own. I don't know why it bothers me. Anybody, else's guess is as good as mine.

TL;DR: my girlfriend came twice in the bathroom after I already got her off twice and I don’t know why it bothers me so much"
relationship_advice "How do I (26F) ask for more profit from my boyfriend (28M) that I own a 50/50 business with? I’m very afraid to have a difficult conversation about our business with my boyfriend. I started a business before I met my boyfriend and soon after we met I gave him half of it 2 years ago as he promised to take care of all of the sales and operations of the business so I could just focus on fulfilling the services. I thought that was fair given he was putting in the same amount of energy and effort that I do. The problem is, I have not been getting consistent sales and he hasn’t really put in 100% to make sure his side of the business is taken care of. He will bring in a sale every now and again but no where near sustainable and then he gets to take half when I’m doing 80% of the actual work. I don’t think it’s fair that he gets to take half of everything that comes in without having to really lift a finger. So I started another business that is similar so I could have something of my own and since the first business isn’t making much money because the site is down, he’s suggesting that he do some marketing for my business. I appreciate him offering but im scared to decline because I know he’s trying to do it to take a cut of that too. We don’t live together, he doesn’t have a job or any other source of income at the moment. I don’t know why but I feel extreme guilt for asking for more money and I don’t know how to approach it. I just feel like it’s an unfair situation but I don’t want to cause conflict. Any tips on how to go about this?"
relationship_advice "My gf (21m) is mad at me (26m) that valentine' day wasn't about her I am not the type who likes to put my business out there. My gf knows that I am not social media conscious and I am not fazed by social media or by what others do/show.

 We live about 2 hours apart. We  spent the weekend together, and she never made mention about how she wanted valentine' day to be for her. She also knew that we couldn't meet up today, due to my job obligations, but never commented or complained.

 Today came by, and she was disappointed I didnt get her anything or celebrated her. She also wasn't direct about what she would have liked, and kept beating around the bush. We spoke over the phone, and she had this sad face. It took a lot of pestering for her to reveal these words "" Are you trying to say that I couldn't choose to have that day to myself?"", I asked if she got me anything, and her reply was ""That I only deserve the day if I offer you something?"".

&amp;#x200B;

Please note that we both equally try to support each other. I understand valentine' day is important, but this is someone I was planning to send a card to, as well as a shopping voucher later this month. I feel she had been oppressed by her friends who are in relationships. Whilst on the phone today, with her gloomy face, she cut the call on me. I am very disappointed and do not have time to be disrespected. How can this be handled? Whats special about valentine' day? Its just a fucking day!!

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for my rant."
relationship_advice "Me 24F and my friend F28 weird start to friendship I understand it's wrong. We been friends just for probably 1,5 months and so far we gotten along REALLY well. We have something nice going on where we can reflect each other good. Things moved on very fast, as she was flirting before we met irl. When we met, we went to a bar things led to another and we made out when I was VERY drunk, I initiated. The next day we just talked over phone and made some plans to have coffee before I leave. After that, we went everywhere basically cafe, restaurant, bar. Experienced every possible setting pretty much. She initiated to want hold hands and I was taken aback at first but I rolled with it, understanding my decision I know what I did that moment. I enjoyed the entire day with her and now I'm processing what I'm actually doing. I feel extremely bad for her bf even though she says not to. She continues to say their relationship is good, he's her person. Yet when she talks about who he is to her ; it doesn't sound good. To me it looks like she doesn't feel happy in her relationship because she's pursuing me in a way. It's not a really complicated dynamic it's clear she just wants to cheat. But it doesn't feel just like sex, yet I don't know. I don't know her that well, we are just very intense together,

help please?"
relationship_advice "Partner (M30) is verbally abusive towards me (F26) Okay so I really need some advice on this. So I( F26) have been with my partner (M30) for almost 9 years. We have a child together. He works full time, I'm a stay at home mum that does seasonal work (6 months out of the year)
Now he has always been verbally abusive. Some times it can be worse then other times. He can go months being nice &amp; trying his best, Then just snap, I do take it, He sometimes apoligizes later the next day, I accept it &amp; move on.
Anyway, He has gotten really controlling &amp; the abuse is coming back out. If I buy myself a new outfit, I'm apparently trying to impress someone else. If I do my makeup, I'm trying to look good for someone else. I constantly get accused of being with someone else behind his back or talking to someone behind his back. 
If I go out with family or a friend, He's asking why is it taking so long to get home or what did I spend money on.
He has physically hurt me once a few years ago, He scruffed me by the neck.
He yells &amp; screams at our child or breaks stuff in the house. 
He sends nude pictures to other woman &amp; claims it's a bit of fun. 
So I've gotten really distant from him which anyone could expect. I don't feel like being close to him, Or want to be intimate with him. 
So now he's putting all the blame onto me saying how its all my fault I'm distant etc &amp; When I tell him it's because of the stuff he says or the stuff that he does, He doesn't get it. 
He goes through my phone while I'm asleep.  He gets his family involved, They always tell me that I need to get over it pretty much because we have a child &amp; I shouldn't throw that much of a long relationship away. 
If I go to stay with a family member to have some space, I'm also the bad one because they say he can't cope with me not there. 
We both have tried sitting down &amp; discussing our relationship but it always ends in an arguement. 
I used to always fire back if our conversation got heated. But in the end I learned it wasnt the best way to go about it, I'm tired of arguing so I've jusy decided to keep quiet. I can't keep going feeling like this. When we first met I thought we had the most amazing relationship. He did have anger issues before we met, Which I actually didn't find out about until over a year into our relationship.
We did meet really young &amp; we did rush into moving in with each other etc. 

How would you guys go about this? Or I'd love to know if someone has been through similar. I've spoken to family &amp; friends, They tell me it's best if I leave as my child &amp; I deserve a happy and healthy home. As soon as he knows I've had enough he puts on the best partner &amp; father act like he don't put a finger wrong, &amp; When he knows I'm close to packing up and going, He is literally trying to be the best father be can be &amp; tells us how much he loves us &amp; that we are his world. 
When we try to talk about it &amp; I think its getting somewhere, He will bring it up again the next day, then laughs asking why I get so cut up about it. I honestly think I would of been out a long time ago, But truthfully, His family scare me, They are constantly at home everyday asking about us, His siblings message him about me. I feel like I have no privacy. If even we have a fight, He is straight on the phone to his parents telling them everything I do wrong, Then they come to our place almost straight away.
He goes through a stage where he tries so hard to be the good person, Then once I think everything will be okay it goes back to how it was. He's so hot &amp; cold about everything. There's always the excuse that he is tired &amp; stressed from work, His family back him up on all of that. Yet I understand that his work is stressful &amp; tiring, But I've never looked at it as an excuse for his behaviour. To me if you love someone, You never treat them like that. 
He does sweet things at times, But when he does, He has to make sure others know what he has done, For example, If he say buys me some flowers, He will make note of it infront of someone who visits. Mind you, The only time he does to something sweet is if I'm on the verge of leaving like I've stated before. 
I honestly wanted nothing more than to have this relationship work, But when it also involves a child, It's not just me I have to think about.
I have days where I wish I could just have a normal healthy relationship &amp; I know thats not fair for me to think like that but it does cross my mind.

Guess I just need an opinion from someone on the outside as well. I'm sorry for the long post. I'm just so lost with myself. I try to act okay &amp; Like it don't bother me, But it's been going on too long &amp; I can just feel myself breaking. I sit back &amp; always wonder what I do so wrong for him to be like this. I've been told it's signs of a narcisist. I know no one is perfect &amp; we all have our flaws, But I honestly don't think this is fair on anyone."
relationship_advice "I [23m] want to reach out to her [23f] but I don’t know if that is best I recently broke things off with a girl I was dating because I just wasn’t sure how things would work out for us long term.

It was incredibly hard because I like her a lot. And I see now I like her even more than I realized.

When I broke things off I told her I just wanted to take a step back, and made it clear it had to do with my mental state and anxiety (about the future, though I didn’t get too specific) and the fact that she lived so far away was making it difficult for me too. But it seems like her brain scrambled to come up with reasons why.

We stopped talking as much, but she reached out a couple times for closure, and because we miss each other. When we talked one time it was clear she had come to believe I didn’t like her anymore and that was why I broke things off. This took me by surprise because I never said that, and feel quite the opposite.

It made me sad because I realized if that’s what she believed, it might hurt her self esteem. And tarnish the amazing memories we made together. The ones I cherish and… on some level… hope to continue someday, though I know that may not be possible or wise.

Anyway, we stopped talking and it’s been about about two weeks now since we had any kind of contact.

On the one hand I don’t want to reach out and hinder her healing process or open any wounds that are healing. But on the other hand it really doesn’t sit well with me to not reach out because it may reinforce the idea that I don’t like her. If I don’t reach out, from her perspective it may seem as though I moved on quickly and don’t really care about her. When in reality I miss her and think about her all the time.

I keep going back in my head about which would be most helpful for her. Optimally I’d just be able to ask her, but that would involve reaching out.

Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?"
relationship_advice "Boyfriend (M25) suddenly finds me (F21) unattractive? 
Hi all. Been dating this guy for a few months now. We are long distance, but we planned on meeting this summer. He is 25 and I’m 21. He has been acting distant lately and today I asked him what was wrong. He sent me this in a message (slight language barrier): “sometimes you pull me in and sometimes you push me away.  I do not know how to explain it.  your inner world attracts me.  you are smart, educated, you have something to talk about, she is caring and sweet.  you have a lot of different feelings.  but sometimes your behavior repels me.  sometimes I don't understand your appearance.  I mean what you wear, what you ride, all this is somehow connected with something for me for men.  t-shirts with skeletons.. a jeep instead of an ordinary passenger car.. in my head this is not for girls.  the girls look and behave differently, I don't know how to properly express my thoughts.  I can't imagine you around me dressed up as some teenager/punk/man.. maybe you should find another man who doesn't care?  for me it seems difficult especially when I imagine how you come to me or I to you.  maybe you haven't grown up yet.  maybe you like it all so much and you'll never change it.  I don't know.  but it's hard for me to imagine myself next to you.  I have always been around girls.  girls who wear women's clothes, wear skirts/dresses, skinny clothes, don't eat fast food, worry about their health/figure, listen to the usual pop music for girls, etc.  in general, I don’t know ... As for me, if you are who you are now, you should find a more caring and loving man than me, because it’s not a fact that I will be like that for you if something doesn’t change in you  -That.  but I don't want to force you to change something in yourself.  it's your choice.  so if you want to remain yourself, then I have nothing against it and I could continue to communicate with you as a friend.  I think you understand what I mean.  if not, you can ask.”

Weird, right? Upset that I drive a Jeep, wear clothes that aren’t super feminine, wear clothes with skeletons on it (the grateful dead), eat fast food (which he does too?). 

What I don’t understand is, he knew all of this before he even asked me to be his girlfriend?

I asked him what he wanted to do, and he told me he wasn’t sure.. 

Thoughts?"
relationship_advice "Is this cheating? (M20 &amp; F20) My long distance girlfriend of 2 years dumped me over text on Friday morning. I was understandably devastated by this news. I'm a musician and I had a gig that same night. I wanted to go home after the gig but my friends convinced me to stay and party with them after the show. I got drunk, and I made out with a girl. She wanted to go to her apartment but I stopped because I regretted it so much. I was heartbroken and extremely drunk. A few days later, my girlfriend and I talk about the situation and we decide that we aren't giving the relationship a real shot if we don't see each other again (It's been 7 months since we've seen each other). We decided that she would come visit me and we'd give it a shot. I felt like if we were going to try again then she needs to know what happened that night. I explain everything to her and of course she is hurt, I would be too. 

She once again dumped me a few days later and said that I'm a cheater and that she can never trust me again and she is completely broken. I really don't feel like I cheated, I regretted it and it was stupid and she had just dumped me. I would like to hear some thoughts on this situation."
relationship_advice "(M22)I got rejected last year (F22) but still feel something As I said in title I got rejected but still I want to be together with her. We still friends but we talk too little. We are in same class at college. We don't even say hi each other. I don't want to be rejected again. What I suppose to do?"
relationship_advice "I (20M) don't know what to do about my girlfriend's depression (18F) I never thought I would be posting on here, but here we are. I (20M) and my girlfriend (18F) have been in a relationship for 6 months now, and we are pretty serious about our future. She has a slew of mental health problems, and suffers from PTSD, anxiety, some substance abuse, and now depression. Last week, I had to call her parents when she was showing signs of suicidal ideation and they decided to put her into an inpatient care program, where she stayed for 72 hours. She got out 5 days ago, and things have not gotten better, they have only really gotten worse.

She has a plan to move forward with the knowledge that her drinking habits are affecting her depression, and she is supposed to go to her first substance abuse support group this afternoon, but has decided not to because of her lack of motivation. She still makes comments about how she doesn't really want to live (but assures me and there are no clear signs of taking any action on it) and it has really taken a significant toll on me. I don't know what to do anymore. I love this girl so much, and feel like I would do anything for her, and yet I'm wondering if the end for our relationship is near. I have even told her that I can't support her if she can't even support herself, and that in order for our relationship to work she needs to put in the work to want to grow and change for the better, but her depression is so bad that it doesn't have much effect on her.

And for the record, I haven't been this depressed and unmotivated in about a year. All I want is for her to be better and we can get back to how we were and where I know she can be in life, but it's becoming increasingly hard for me to see and build a future with her. She has gone to multiple different types of therapy numerous times a week since we met and that continues now.

Any and all advice on how to proceed would be greatly appreciated."
relationship_advice "How can I (F21) break up with my boyfriend (M24) How would you want to be broken up with?

Here’s my dilemma I guess. 
My boyfriend (24) and I (21) have been dating for two years. We currently are renting a house together, if we broke up there’s enough rooms where we could have separate rooms. I am currently going to college so I can’t move out and find a place on my own that will be in my budget. We also have a dog together as well, but she mostly likes him. 

I started to become less attracted to him after I saw his porn preferences. My sex drive is significantly lower than his and sometimes he does not respect my personal space and I have to tell him to stop multiple times. He also is terrible about brushing his teeth, I noticed that it had been two whole weeks since he had brushed his teeth. 

We work opposite hours of the day, so I really only get to see him when I’m off of work and he doesn’t work for the day. 

I also am currently having thoughts that maybe I am attracted to those that do not have a penis. I don’t care what gender they are but I’m just not sure I am attracted to male genitalia anymore. 

I want to be kind and respectful, but I want to be firm. I will obviously discuss it with him in person, as I feel it would be a cop out if I did it over text. Is there a good way that I could introduce the topic of breaking up? I know he is not the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. Our lifestyles are different. What would be the best way to tel him? I don’t want to say anything that would hurt him, but I know breaking up with him will already hurt. I’m just wondering how to soften the blow."
relationship_advice "My (21F) girlfriend and I (21M) are currently taking a break. I need advice on how I should move forward. Last week, on Wednesday, my (21F) girlfriend decided it would be a good idea for us to take a break after a year and a half of dating. The reasoning behind this is that she needs to focus on herself, and is unsure about our relationship. We have never argued, never to a point where we’d get verbally aggressive, until last week when this was brought up. Initially, I didn’t know what to think, we have struggled with communication and time management as a couple. We set a lot of boundaries on personal space, and try to keep our own personal lives while also being in a very committed relationship. Over the last few days, we’ve barely spoke a word to each other, or seen each other. My heart is telling me this is her way of seeing if I could give her the space and respect her decision to show my love for her. While my mind is telling me this is her way of breaking up with me and this is some coping mechanism. I should note we’ve never taken a break like this before, this is completely new for the both of us. She wants to see me in the next couple days, and I’m worried that the worst might happen. She loves me, she has told me that while she is debating our relationship, she doesn’t want to lose me or regret her decision. I love her, and while this has been the most dreadful week I’ve experienced in a relationship, my options are limited. I need advice on how I should play my cards, do I wait for her and hope she sees I can give her the space when needed, or do I move on?"
relationship_advice "Did I (27F) screw things up with him (26M) when I had a bad day Started talking to this guy about 2 months ago and things have been going really well! We talk every day and he’s very sweet and understanding. I have bipolar II disorder and yesterday I started overthinking about dumb stuff (not related to him) and got super depressed. I texted him that I wasn’t doing too well and would try to text him later. He asked me if everything was okay and that he was always there for me if I needed him. I said thanks. Texted him today to apologize and asked him how he was around noon and 6 hours later he hasn’t responded :/ he did open the snap I sent him but no reply to that either. I did tell him early on that I have bipolar II but I’m worried that he’s now seen my unstable side and doesn’t want anything to do with me anymore. Or maybe he’s really busy with work and I’m just overthinking again."
relationship_advice "What are your thoughts on my ex best friend[24 F]crossing a boundary with my boyfriend[26 M] by hanging out with him alone when they met through me[24 F]? My best friend and boyfriend met through me. My best friend started going to the gym with my boyfriend. I didn’t think of it much and figured they’re just working out. No big deal. Then they started getting coffee or boba together. It got to the point where they would hangout more than my best friend and I. My best friend told me that if I ever felt uncomfortable at one point to let her know. I felt like I could trust her but I started to feel weird about it because she would call him her best friend and it got to the point where he would vent to her about our relationship issues. I don’t think that is fair and she is the wrong person to go to for talking about relationship issues because she has a bias now. Sometimes relationships get tough and rough of course but it made me kind of sad that he couldn’t go to his guy friend to talk about it at least. It got to the point where she would tell me I need to treat him right…One day, she invited my boyfriend to go to Santa cruz and get coffee, go to a plant store, go golfing, etc. I was super uncomfortable with this and this was definitely a date. If people saw them together, they would think they would be a couple. I never got an invite because my friend said she knew I was at work… So while I was at work, they went on this date and posted on social media about it. I told her how I was uncomfortable about them hanging out and she got completely defensive about it. She also had a boyfriend which I thought was very weird how apparently the boyfriend had no issues them hanging out when the boyfriend never even knew my boyfriend. I think he lied to her about how he felt about it or he just doesn’t care enough about her to care. After telling her how I felt, she wanted to still hangout with him and do what she was doing because I was basically “too late” to say anything since they had been hanging out for months now and wouldn’t take my feelings into consideration. I told my boyfriend how I felt and he regretted how he told her our relationship issues and hanging out with her alone. She is now my ex best friend and she didn’t want to be friends with me anymore because she chose my boyfriend over me and wanted to be there for him because he didn’t have a big support system. We’re not friends with her anymore for the sake of this drama and I don’t think i need a friend like that anymore. What are your thoughts on this?"
relationship_advice "18F 18M my gf gave her guy friends gift or candy on valentines Today is valentines everything was going good we’re both seniors in highschool btw. Last period she says can u wait for me and my friend to get the gifts, the front office people were holding gifts for the day. I said yeah then asked is it for ur guy friend’s she said 2 and some of her girlfriends but keep in mind she was mad when they were holding onto the gifts like it was super important but she says I just got the guy friends candy that’s all and we’ve talked about this she dosent like me with girls and I don’t like her with guys but she got them gifts or candyI don’t even have girl friends and I was like nah yk what I’m going home screw that I mean am I I’m the wrong I feel like a dick but the way things went and I’ve told her before idk just some seems off idk im probably in the wrong anyways we just got out of school a hour and 30 ago and haven’t texted or nun I feel bad but she’s being a hypocrite with this stuff 
Btw we’ve been dating for 1 year and couple months we’re both 18"
relationship_advice "I think my (19M) best friend (18F) made a move on me and I don't know what to do now. So this is going to be a bit longer and sorry in advance for bad punctuation or grammar englisch isn't my first language.
For background information: My best friend and I know each other for 3 years now, when we first met I kind of found her attractive but I learned that she has a boyfriend so I didn't persue her, however I started to fall for her and I think she did too but I'm not Shure. She did say one time that if she wouldn't have a boyfriend that she would date me. Tow years ago she found out that her bf had been cheating on her but she decided to stay with him because she was already living with him. And now almost a year ago she had a kid with him but she told me that she isn't really happy with him anymore. And from what she told me and what I saw he isn't really that good of a father, he only tells her to calm the baby when it cries at night and he does not watch the kid when she wants to do something other than watching it.
Now to what made me post this: Last Saturday she, (Jenny) me and her neighbor ( Lara) (fake names) went to a club without Jenny's boyfriend, he wanted to join us later but he wasn't let in by the bouncers for unrelated reasons so it was just us three. After we entered Lara had to go to the toilet, Jenny and I walked beside each other and she grabbed onto my hand which normally wouldn't be wired if you don't want to loose someon in a crowd, but there was no crowd. After a minute or so of us holding hands she let go and we just looked at each other for a moment before she said something alethe lines of ""sorry I don't know what just happened"" I didn't really think much of that at the moment. A while later Lara made a joke about what happens in the club stays in the club so Jenny happily said ""then I'll just do this"" and grabbed my head and kissed me on the side of the head. I didn't really think much of that either so we just went on with the night, during the evening Jenny and I shared some cigarettes even though we both had our own ( she took mine out of my hand and held her's to my mouth) now skipping to the end of the evening. We were standing outside and waiting for our pick up, Jenny said that she is cold so I asked if she wanted my jacket, she just replied that it's alright right after saying that she put her arms around me and started cuddling with me and kind of put my jacket around her with the words that ""well just do it like that""
Now I'm really confused because I made my peace a long time ago with the fact that I can't be with her. I think my question would be, what the heck do I do now?"
relationship_advice "I'm just confused on the whole situation and don't even know what to do on my first crush in years (M20 and F20) Essentially we met at University at the beginning of this academic year and I thought she was some basic boring but pretty girl but over time we have become close friends and I can see myself catching feels for her.

We are super close and comfy with each other, she's the only girl I've ever felt truly comfortable with among all my female friends and I really fucking value our friendship. 

I sadly found out she doesn't think I'm physically attractive after a mutual friend messaged her saying we look cute together and should be together. Obviously her not being physically attracted to me is quite crushing so I don't know what to do here. 

I value our friendship, I also find myself being extremely drawn to her, however this tidbit of info has crushed any hope I had. What do I do here? If I stay I may hurt myself, if I step away I may lose a great friend, I just hate myself for falling into this trap of catching feels for her now and am just confused."
relationship_advice "I F23 am paranoid about my boyfriends M22 coworker How should I begin approaching this? 

My 23 F bf 22 M have been dating for 5 years. We moved to Florida this year and I have made no friends and neither has he. He's been friendly with people at work and is starting to go out with them to the bar.  don't care if he's out without me, I actually like being alone after work.

On sunday, I got a call that he was going to the bar with his two coworkers, both guys. I show up and one of the guys girlfriends is there. I smile and wave but no facial expression ans goes back on her phone. I go to the bathroom and come back to her and my bf laughing. I come by and he says, let's get closer so we all squeeze in to talk and it's dead silent. She won't talk and I swear she shook he head. She then got up and made out with her boyfriend who was playing pool.. wtf... 

I then want to go home but I feel so bad. My bf just wants friends and he's not being weird when she's around. 

We got home and my bf talks about how she might not like her relationship and is acting weird because she might have feelings for him. Every time I've come into his work, she's always been super rude. Is it also bad I don't trust my bf. Our relationship feels tense at times and I feel like they both are unhappy with their situations. But I don't even know how to bring it up because it will turn into a fight about how I'm jealous and controlling"
relationship_advice "How can I [33M] tell my wife [30F] about my cheating kink without raising any doubts in her? I’ve always been faithful, but I’ve had opportunities in the past where I could not have been. This got me thinking about what it would be like to sleep with other women besides my wife. Since I won’t cheat, I want to bring up this kink with my wife. However, I don’t want to raise any doubts or suspicions in her about this. I don’t want her to think that I’m being unfaithful. I just don’t know where to even begin.

TL;dr I want to bring up a cheating kink with my wife, but don’t know how to without raising any doubts in her."
relationship_advice "My girlfriend (20F) is outgrowing me (20M) Hey there. I talked to her about this problem. But she also does not know how to solve it. Now my last hope lies in the collective intelligence of Reddit. Maybe you can help. 

My girlfriend is in her first year of studying Psychology and she is doing great. I have a small business which is doing okay. I make good money for my age, but it is not fun. My life goal is to become a surgeon. But I am struggling to get into Med School and just got rejected… again. 

We do not see each other regularly because she moved to another town. When we do have time for each other, which is usually once every 3 weeks, I drive 3 hours to be with her. She does not have time to drive to me because she is constantly studying. We talk to each other via FaceTime almost every day. She tells me how happy she is, despite the stress of uni and so on. But when she mentions uni, which is 95% of the conversation, I get this almost sick-like feeling of jealousy and envy despite me being happy for her. I then get somewhat closed off and cold and just shut off my emotions towards her. This happens 9 in 10 times for *every* interaction we are having. It really drags me down, and I always feel terrible after talking to her. She felt that my emotions towards her are slipping, while I am having a hard time to suppress my pain. It's not that I don't love her anymore. This feeling just overshadows my love.

Maybe I have to say that I am a self diagnosed narcissist. My deep feeling of inadequacy leads me to giant arrogance. I cannot stand it when people have more than me because I need to be at the top. This is most likely the root of the problem. However, that does not solve it. I know it has everything to do with me. I did think of leaving her to work on myself and potentially not harm her with my traits. But in leaving her, I would hurt her even more.  

What should I do? Any ideas, tips, recommendations, or hints on how I can overcome this difficulty are highly appreciated. 

Thank you, Reddit."
relationship_advice "I'm [M27] emotionally exhausted in my 5 years relationship with [M24] We originally dated for about 3 years before we broke up because he was cheating (I was at a very stressful job working up to 80h a week and would see him 3-4x a month we lived in diff cities)

Got back together after a year apart and recently engaged. Ngl I felt very rushed and told him this many times but he wanted it so I engaged. 

In certain aspects he's amazing. He cooks. Is funny. My fam loves him. But I feel like he never listens. Everytime i try to have a serious tall he doesn't say anything or just looks away. He's also gained some weight (works from home now). Yes I found him more attractive when he was actively working out when we first were dating. He's started working out lately (i got us both a gym membership and after a few months he started with me) 

We don't argue often but when we do it's loud and we can ignore each other for days. Mostly cuz I feel like this builds up to that point since we never get to have a talk. We had that fight over the proposal where I told him I felt he rushed me. He said he knew but we ended up fighting and it got loud. We didn't talk for 2 days and he said he didn't wanna do anything for valentines. I thought I'd be passed or sad and I was a but but mostly I just feel tired of it. We have a cruise vacation booked for Oct which we both need but instead of being excited I just feel indifferent about it. 

What's the next step? I feel like I'm going around in circles.


Tldr: fights in relationship and no progress. Emotionally exhausted and don't know where to go from here"
relationship_advice "I'm (26m) going on a date with a girl (23f) in two days. I'm concerned whether I should be disclosing informations about my life. Title, and there are two things that I'm considering/hesitant on disclosing before going on the date. 

First is that I'm blind in my left eye. I had retina detachment about 4yrs ago and completely lost sight in my left eye. It looks and almost acts as if I can see at the moment but I'm not sure if this is a type of information i should disclose about myself before or after ive gotten to know her.

The second is that i had a DUI (plead guilty) from 5yrs ago. It was to help a good friend of mine out from 3 dudes that were really coming onto her hard and harrassing her. She tried to call her mom but she didnt answer so she resorted to calling me. So i went to get her and drive her home. Got pulled over not because of my driving but there was an incident report at a nearby bar that matched my vehicle description. (My car was parked at my friends house the entire night and we didnt get into any altercations) I paid all my dues and now im in the process of getting a pardon for the charge as well as completing my 1yr mandatory ignition interlock by June. Now, the date that I'm going on with this girl needs me to drive to where she lives. We plan on going to two separate locations. She does not drive so I will have to drive. 

I'm getting concerned that these might be a huge turnoff. I don't want to have to explain on the spot why I have a breathalyzer installed in the car or having to ""catfish"" in a way by hiding my condition. So the only options are before or after... I could use some input and opinions if you can. 

Thanks a lot if anyone ends up reading this."
relationship_advice "I (M27) would like to improve my friendship with a friend (F27) that I’ve been apart from for 4 years. How do I maintain/reignite it when we live far away from each other? Ever since the pandemic I have been bad about keeping up with relationships in general. I’ve been reflecting on it and I’d like to revive friendships that have slowly gone silent. My friend has been living in a different state, so I am not physically close to them. How do I restart/keep this friendship, especially when distance makes it hard to hang out? 

Over the years we’ve send short messages asking how we are doing (maybe once a year), but I’d like to spend more time with them. We used to hang out a lot back in college. How do I approach this?"
relationship_advice "My (29M) gf (40F) doesn't talk to me anymore, is it over? My (29M) gf (40F) doesn't talk to me much anymore, maybe one or two texts a week and they're the type of messages you'd typically see from a couple that's separated with kids.  Occasionally she'd ask for some things I have at my house, or ask if I can pick something up for her or her dog from the store.  She'll say she's sorry she's the way she is or apologize for her behavior but it's never as intimate or romantic as it was before.  We've been dating for 2 years now, lived together for 6 months until she moved back with her uncle to take care of him when he got really sick.

Some helpful things to know: we both struggle with alcohol, I am recently recovering and she has yet to get help.  We both also struggle with depression, I have meds and she doesn't.  We both work full-time jobs, I have my own business as well as another part-time job.  A huge turning point in our relationship was when her 10 y/o dog died from cancer.  She had the means to put him through chemo and surgery but at 10 he might have not made it anyway so I made the decision for her to euthanize him at home with family.  She still says she killed her dog but I try my best to remind her that I took that decision from her so she'd never be able to say she killed him.  I'm an asshole, I know, for doing that. She still has one more dog and I have mine, both are emotional support animals (mine is a certified therapy dog).

My question, is it over.  Do I let it go and move on?  Will it pass and get better?  Should I have done things differently?"
relationship_advice "I (36M) broke up with somebody (35F) due to a pattern of behavior that I wasn't comfortable with, and need help staying resolute in my decision, but also need a sounding board as to whether I was unreasonable. Long-time lurker, haha.  I (36M) ended a fresh, exclusive relationship (35F) on Saturday and feel hurt and confused over it.  I suppose I just need a place to reflect on my experience and reach out for support.  I’m extremely confused and am really fighting the urge to take it back and rekindle the relationship.

Also, happy valentine’s day; this day wouldn’t be complete without relationship drama, I guess.  

**TW:  love bombing, trauma bonding, sexual health, narcissistic traits**

**Tl;dr: I need advice on whether I'm being reasonable.  I also need advice on whether I'm being realistic.  I do feel like I was lovebombed, however, I'm not certain if this was necessarily a bad thing.  I am very confused as to if breaking up was the right call, and if I should have been more compassionate and understanding of her situation.  I’m having a hard time staying resolute in my decision to end things and am really, really fighting the urge to try to mend the relationship despite being very aware (thanks mom) of the signs of emotional abuse, trauma bonding, and narcissistic personality traits.**

We met through Tinder.  I was fascinated with the fact that she’s an interior designer (I’m an design engineer so I go after creative types).  I was also super interested in the fact that she manages a TikTok account with a substantial following.  Her personality was magnetic, and I felt like we connected on all of the levels.  After three dates, and only knowing each other for less than a month, she professed her love for me and made very grand gestures:

* She sent me an overnight care package when I was sick on a work trip
* She offered to take me to the surgeon and spend the day with me following surgery
* She shared some very serious trauma from her past after having only known each other for a month
* She was consistently sending me text messages about how obsessed she was, and how in love she was, and other things like that
* Sex was incredible, and pillow talk was lots of professions of love, adoration, and phrases like “I want to make you the best person you can be”

I thought all of this was incredible, and I became attached very quickly.  But, there were plenty of warning signs and actions with which I was uncomfortable:

* After we defined the relationship and went exclusive, the lovebombing stopped and the demeanor in texts/calls/in person changed dramatically.  I felt like she had become cold towards me.

* There were multiple occasions where she would initiate a plan to spend time together, then cancel either to hang out with friends of hers, party at the bars, or because of hangovers.  There was a distinct pattern where when she went out partying, she would leave me on read until the inevitable “I’m so hungover” text in the morning.  Last Monday, I brought up how this made me feel, and that I didn’t appreciate it very much.  I was met with lots of “sorry’s” and a rush out the door.

* She had mostly guy friends, which itself isn’t an issue, but with most of these guys, when we were in public and she ran into them, she didn’t introduce me at all, and to the guys she did introduce me, she didn’t introduce me as her boyfriend.

* The day of surgery, she made me feel like I was inconveniencing her.  She didn’t stay with me as she had said she would.  She dropped me off, microwaved some vegetables for me, got my pain medication, then left “to take the dogs out.”  She said she would be right back, but four hours later,  I had to remind her that I was hungry and couldn’t get up to get food.  

* Later that week, while still recovering, I ran out of dental floss and she told me to look in her overnight bag.  I found a bag of medication, and while I didn’t want to invade her privacy and find out what all was there, but there was one medication that i recognized as being used to treat a certain type of STI.

* Last Friday, she went to a birthday party which was hosted by somebody whom she had said was very rude to her in the past, and whom she herself had trashed on.  I was bewildered why somebody would go to a party hosted by somebody that made them feel so poorly.  She left the party early, and told me she was going home.  I was concerned for her mental health, so I called to see if she was ok, but she didn’t answer.  It turns out that she didn’t go home, but went out to party at the bars, and she never told me this.  And no, she did not invite me to this party.  And also, the bars are down the street from my house, which is important for the next point.

* We had plans for last Saturday.  I went to her house, and after about an hour, she sent me home.  She said she was in a bad mood and “didn’t want to be a bitch” to me, because I “don’t deserve it because [I’m] so sweet and kind.” I had planned to have a frank discussion about these patterns which made me uncomfortable, and also ask about the pill.  Due to the pattern of cancelling, I didn’t know when we would have an opportunity again to talk.  So, despite her bad day, I asked about the pill. I was internally freaking out because of the possibility of [STI] exposure, so I at least did not want to wait to ask about this.  I asked in the most respectful and dignified way I could, with clear intention to not come across as shaming. Because pill is used also treat a non-sti, I asked about the non-sti.  When she said no, and asked why I’m asking, I told her that I saw the pill and was curious what she was taking it for.  She said it was for a different non-sti, and I believed her.  I left, got in my car, and honestly, contemplated going back to her door and ending things because of the patterns that were developing, but I decided I should wait for two reasons:  I didn’t want to make her bad day worse, and I also wanted to wait until I had assessed the situation fully and not make an emotional decision.

* Later that day, she expressed her dismay that I had asked about the  despite her having a bad day.  I apologized for the timing but explained that it was so pervasive in my mind, and that I didn’t know when I would be able to ask again, that I really needed to ask that day.  She launched into accusations of me not trusting her, of me thinking she’s promiscuous, and of me shaming her.  I didn’t have any of these thoughts and I started getting defensive.  I kept asking her to see it from my point of view, and she was unwilling to.  And, as the conversation progressed, I remembered that the non-sti can spread to the genitalia and become an STI, and I expressed to her that I felt like she should have revealed this to me sooner so that I could have made my own judgment call regarding my sexual health regarding the risks, prior to us engaging in unprotected sex.

* She professed how open and honest she had been throughout the relationship to that point, to which I disagreed:  she didn’t tell me about her kids until after the third date, she didn’t tell me about her two divorces until a month after having known each other, when she was partying her communication dropped off completely, and she didn’t tell me about having been prescribed that pill.

* She ended up calling my phone, and was screaming.  She said things like “I hope you get a blood test so you can see all the STI’s you have” and “I’ll bet you have lots of STI’s because people can be carriers for these diseases and not even know it.”  When this was happening, I told her that this relationship isn’t going to work and that her things would be in the mail. 
 
* Over the last few days, she’s said things like “I want somebody who fights for me” and “I guess I’m not worth working through problems.”  She also sent me a recording of her talking to her doctor where she said that I broke up with her because I was “snooping through her bag and found [pill],” when in fact I made it very clear that I had broken up because of the patterns of behavior I had witnessed and wasn’t comfortable with, and for how she was talking to me on the phone Saturday night.

Now, here’s why I’m confused.  She ended up chalking a lot of this up to going through Adderall withdrawals.  She’s making me feel like I should have been more compassionate and understanding about her mental health struggles during this period.  My rational side says that it’s a load of bunk, but my emotional side is causing a lot of confusion.  

I know that I have had issues in the past with working through relationship problems rather than running away from relationship problems.  But I also am fully understanding and aware of narcissistic abuse, having been heavily emotionally abused by my mom, who has narcissistic traits.  I recognize narcissistic traits in this person I was briefly dating, too, and despite knowing full well that I shouldn’t be with this person, I’m having trouble with my resolve to stay away."
relationship_advice "We (24F and 25M) are falling hard for each other but I have strong reservations about a long term relationship. 
Haven’t had much success with dating but decided to take the plunge with online dating recently. Matched with a guy about two weeks ago and we hit it off very quickly. The more we talk, the more it seems we have in common (interests, worldview, temperament and so on). His texts are longer than the Great Wall of China, and it takes hours to get through what he writes, but somehow it’s become the best part of my day. In person (we had our first date a couple days ago) he is much the same - caring, passionate, completely lovely. 

But there are a few things, quite big things really, that make me hesitant. The first (and feel free to judge me because I know it’s awful) is that he has Type 1 Diabetes. He didn’t mention it prior to our first meeting, so it was a surprise. I know that it’s manageable these days, but there’s no denying that it’s a serious condition that can lead to various pretty scary complications, in the long and short term, and an increased risk of his kids getting it too. 

We also come from different cultures and there’s a very large salary gap that will only get wider (because I’m a corporate sellout and he’s a sweetheart who actually wants to make the world a better place). These things individually would have been obstacles I’d feel reasonably confident in overcoming, but all together they seem overwhelming.

Normally, I’d think I’m overthinking too much - it’s only been one date. But it feels like it’s moving quickly. I said I liked X thing (this might be the 1000th niche thing now that we both adore), and he jokingly asked if he should propose then and there. Yes it was in jest, but it kind of wasn’t, because the same thought has crossed my mind! I like him so much that I really haven’t felt well lately - losing sleep, my appetite and just having this feeling of constantly teetering on an edge. I’d honestly rather not feel like shit, thank you very much. 

I’m confused as to what to do. Go on a few more dates and hope that these things that bother me won’t eventually? Or be upfront with him now, tell him we’re better off as friends, and save us both the trouble?

TL;DR think I’ve met my literal soulmate but scared to be with him."
relationship_advice "I (M18) Need help with a friend (F18) I’m interested in. So there’s this girl in my friend group who I’ve recently had a romantic interest in, We talk and snap all day long and make lots of conversation. She’s become a lot more touchy and goes out of her way to talk to me when we’re in person recently than she ever has been.I cannot tell if this is just friendly behavior or if the feelings are mutual.  I am really bad with understandings body language any help appreciated."
relationship_advice "[F29] [F31] my sister is a pushover Ok so, here’s the thing, my sisters husband cheated. They were together since high school and when they were 25 he cheated on her with 2 18 year olds. At the time they had 2 kids and my sister was torn. She ended up forgiving him. That was about 4 years ago and they had another baby and she’s been talking about wanting one more.

Well, last night we were out at dinner and she was talking to a guy, and eventually I heard the words “no thanks, I’m married” and she walked back over to me. I asked what that was about and she said she noticed he had some Yeezys her husband has and asked where she got them or something and he asked to buy her a drink and that’s when she turned him down.

I said she was stupid for that. Did her husband say “no thanks, I’m married” when he stuck his dick in those girls while she was at home with their 2 infant children?

She got mad and said that’s not her buissness. I said that he fucked not one, but two girls and she has every right to TALK to another man.

She stormed off last night and this morning I saw a text saying that her marriage is not my buissness. I guess it’s not but it hurts to see her stay so loyal to someone who doesn’t love her.

Who knows? Last night while we were at dinner for all I know he could’ve sent the kids to bed and had more teenagers come over. As you can tell, I don’t fucking like him."
relationship_advice "My (31F) fiancé (m29) gets stressed about the sound of the exhaust hood, I get stressed about lingering smells. I turn in on, he turns it off. We talked about our stressors and try to compromise. But it keeps being a topic. 

I don’t like the exhaust fan’s sound either, but I endure it to not have our flat smell and the smoke sink into the wallpaper or whatever. 

He is much more of a fryer than I am. If it’s not tooooooo smoky I am normally half okay with him turning on the exhaust fan after he leaves the kitchen. That means the kitchen will smell for like 4 ours min. after. 

Today I was working on my laptop in the kitchen (since I wanted to give him space for studying in the living room when he made himself fish fingers and the room 8m2 was starting to smoke up) I turned the exhaust fan on (saying: I’m just gonna turn this on, okay?) he turned it of. Without a word. And I was honestly kind of pissed and left the room to take a walk. 


I own the flat, so I am more invested maybe to keep it up for future renters.(?)
The divergence in ownership may be important, so I’m including it.



Can you think of a way we can lessen the strain this topic has on our daily life?"
relationship_advice "I (27M) want to leave my (38M) BF, but need help I have been in a relationship with my boyfriend for nearly 10 years now but I want to leave him.

I have felt this way for some time now but I have never gotten the courage to leave. Over the 10 years I have managed to leave twice, but both times I did it whilst he wasn’t there and either calling him or texting him to say I was leaving. 

I have really bad anxiety so always talk myself out of having difficult conversations. However I’ve been so unhappy for so long I can’t just keep going on as I fear I won’t be able to continue with anything. 

The main times I tell him how I really feel are during heated arguments, so when I’m telling him I’m unhappy and want to leave make it look like I’m saying it because we are arguing.

My plan is to leave this week, but instead of leaving when he isn’t there, I want to write him a letter. Then when I get home from work I can give him this letter and he can read it instead of me saying the words. As it’s just too hard for me.

I’m just looking for advice as to what should I say in this letter, how do I break this to him. I don’t think it would come as a surprise as we are both unhappy. I just want to make sure I’m saying the right things.

Also, is a letter the best thing? Should I do it another way? I’ve tried talking but I’ve been wanting to leave since last November and every time I try and force myself to talk I can’t. 

Any help or advice will be great.

TLDR: I want to leave my BF of 10 years and need advice how to do it with bad anxiety"
relationship_advice "My F24 boyfriend M27 doesn’t value celebration days Hello everyone,

Just as the title indicates, my boyfriend doesn’t value celebration days (our birthdays, Christmas, Valentine’s Day..). We have been together for 2 years and I expressed him a year back that it is important to me to create those memories together and share those special moments. His POV is that those days are irrelevant and not more special than any other and that we could do that any other day of the year. 
Unfortunately, this year again, no initiative at all happened from his side (I visited him for his birthday and for Christmas to organize little celebrations, the aim was to show him it could be nice moments which he seemed to appreciate). 

I love him as a person and cherish his uniqueness, however I’m starting to question the relevance of such « matters ».
Celebrations are relevant to me. But is it legit from me to expect that he makes an effort on that point or am I asking too much ? 

I want to emphasise that I don’t expect any gift and it is really about sharing special moments (we don’t have special moments in the rest of the year either if you were wondering). 

It saddens me a lot to picture a futur where I won’t ever celebrate those days with my romantic partner and I just feel like I can’t compromise on that point despite its superficial nature. 

Does something superficial like this matters in a relationship ? 

Thank you so much for your feedbacks."
relationship_advice "My (24f) fiance (24m) had stitches and didnt tell me So my fiance is working in another city and gets back on the weekends and we spend most of the weekends together but sometimes he has to work 6 days so he stays for the next week.

He was at work when he fell and he got injured in his forehead and got stitches, this was on sunday last week and he returned home in our city and didn't tell me until now we were talking and he slipped his tongue and told me that he was feeding his cat which i know is at his parents house so i knew he returned but didn't tell me and when i asked him is he here he told me all about the injury and that he didn't tell me that he is back because he didn't want me to see him like this and didn't tell me when it happened so that i don't get worried about him and thats how he felt.

Also he is skeptical and is vague about the details of how he got injured and doesnt want to talk about the situation.

I dont know what to make of that i feel uneasy about him not being comfortable letting me see him injured."
relationship_advice "I (18M) want to drop out of a college course but I’m really worried about Dad’s(47M) Approval Hey, i’m an 18 year old guy, i’ve recently enrolled (for the second time in two years) in a college for Law in Brazil. The thing is, i’m incredibly miserable after just two weeks. 
  The problem is mainly centered on the fact my dream was to be a history teacher, but my parents always disapproved of that dream, because some teachers get paid very little in our country.
  But I can’t keep living like I am for two years, but i’m really scared of changing courses next year, because my dad made it clear that he’d be really disappointed if I did history and became a teacher, and that his dream was always to have a kid who did law or was a doctor. I’ve always had a rocky relationship with my parents, and i really wanted them to be proud of me, but I don’t know if I can handle finishing this course since it’s really messing up my mental state."
relationship_advice "I (28F) left my husband (34M) and I think I regret my decision. I will try to make this as concise as possible. And I would really appreciate keeping any unkind comments to yourself (trust me- I’ve thought them all myself). 

My husband and I have been together since I was 17. We have been married for 1.5. It has been a tumultuous journey involving mental illness (him) and some abuse, though that has subsided since the mental illness has been managed. 

I have always had this gut feeling that he and I are not meant to be together. Over the past few years, I have slowly but surely lost nearly all romantic feelings for him. I honestly felt repulsed when he kissed me and I generally did not enjoy having sex with him. I feel deeply attached to him and I think that’s why I married him, but I had serious doubts before and after the wedding. We have a strong friendship and generally a pretty happy life together, but again, I have just always felt that something was off.

In October, I connected with someone (42M) who I had instant chemistry and an emotional connection with. Nothing physical happened, but it confirmed for me that something was deeply missing in my marriage. I immediately told my husband what had happened and that I didn’t know if I wanted to be with him. We decided to separate, and he moved out of the house. Since then, I have formed a relationship with this other man. It is everything my marriage is not. We are deeply passionate and I am insanely attracted to him. We have fun together, he is kind to me and makes me feel loved. He has never pressured me to get divorced and truly wants me to just be happy.

In December, I told my husband I wanted a divorce. He did not feel the same way and he wanted to try counseling, but I was firm in my decision and he understood. He seemed to kind of start to move on with his life and we have had very little contact. 

Since contacting a divorce lawyer, however, I am having some serious second thoughts. My husband is aware and is still open to making things work. I really miss my husband and the life we had. I just don’t know if those romantic feelings are something that can be salvaged. I don’t know if I deserve to have him back after the things I’ve done over the past few months (entering a new relationship) and if we would be able to move past that. I also REALLY don’t want to say goodbye to this new man and the relationship we’ve built. I look forward to the future with this new man but I am also deeply saddened by the idea of my husband being out of my life forever. Am I simply mourning the loss of a 10+ year relationship or do I truly want to be with my husband? Do I owe it to him to give it another shot? Or do I just need to set him free? Was I just bored and absolutely out of my mind?!

I am in therapy and it has been helpful but I feel absolutely paralyzed by this decision and I absolutely have to make one. I know I have been and am continuing to be extremely selfish. I want to make the right decision for ME rather than simply choosing between two men but it feels impossible. Any advice is appreciated.

TL/DR- left husband of 1.5 year due to no romantic feelings. Fell in love with another man but am now questioning going back to my husband."
relationship_advice "telling my (30f) friend (35m) he can't blame everything on mental illness I got into a big argument with my friend and now he isn't talking to me. In my opinion he is ruining his life by refusing to work for years (living off an inheritance that he tells me will run out in about 10 years), playing video games all night and sleeping all day, and not leaving the house even to get groceries, and eating very badly. As a result he has developed obesity, gout and a liver problem at only age 35 and in his words is unemployable. His roommates are reinforcing his terrible life choices because they are also willfully unemployed from what I can understand and living off govt benefits (it's easy to do in this EU country). I tried to keep my mouth shut but I just couldn't anymore because i was sick of him being so judgmental of other people and complaining when in my opinion he is just totally lazy. He refuses to make even the most minor change to his lifestyle, he told me that he is ""above"" working or volunteering and that he refuses to go for a walk because it is ""boring"". 

He then said I am ableist which to me is kind of a joke because i worked extremely hard to overcome bipolar 1 disorder after hospitalizations and unemployment. He claims he has borderline but refuses to get any kind of treatment! He is a nice person but I just couldn't take hearing about his terrible life choices any longer. What do you think about this situation?"
relationship_advice "Did I (M40) spend enough (F25) on Valentines day gifts for her? $800 diamond heart pendant necklace

$200 flowers and teddy bear

$300 dinner

$50 gag gifts

I ask because I make a substantial amount of money and worry I didn't spend enough on her...That said she never cared about the average places we went for dates before anyways so....anyways, new couple..."
relationship_advice "I am [31 M] and my Girlfriend is a [28 M] I had relocated from an area where my girlfriend stayed back to my home. After months without seeing each other, my girlfriend came to visit me. When we started engaging in sexual activities, I had a gut feeling that she's sleeping with someone else. And I was write coz her behavior had changed drastically. So I had to go through her phone to find out. And I did.

After confronting her about it, she simply left the day after and she was supposed to be therefor a week. She never called the guy to tell him it's over, or anything. She just left...few weeks, I made plans for us to meet so that we can talk and try to fix things.we did talk, but on our first meet up, while talking, the guy she cheated me with called and she answered the call infront of me, pretending that she's talking to someone but it was obvious that it was him as she admitted.

A week after the meet up, I called her Earlier and she was at the gym. Waited for her to finish with the gym, I called her she picked up and told me that she's going to her home but she was lying. Called her again after few minutes, she ddnt pick up, I left 10 missed calls just to disturb them Coz I knew they were together at his place. Called again until she finally picked up, and boom she was at his place. Asked where she is, she hung up the phone and never picked up. Now I was left with imagination of how my girlfriend and the guy are busy having sex.

We finally fixed things, but my heart is ueased. As I don't understand why she never stopped having sex with him while we were still trying to fix things.

Please assist, any advice?"
relationship_advice "Last hope :// him (34m) and I (24f) have been on and off for 2 years. He cheated and now we are on the last straw of just going no contact in hopes we might know if dating again might work ? Or if we can really live without each other? Stupid I know… Idk where to even start lol. I’ve never posted but this is killing me internally. I (24f) was with him (34m) for a year best time of my life. We really thought this was it for us we got a dog and seemed like picture perfect no issues ever. We moved in at the first year mark with ease we were so happy and excited and we had all these plans. Then things changed, he bailed on our first year anniversary weekend to go to EDC we did get a day together but he left the whole weekend. By July things had gone so south we were just not clicking he gave me a beautiful birthday weekend but then behind my back I found out he was texting a girl to meet. Then I just started hurting and finding issues in everything he did. By August he was checked out and it seemed like we had gotten better but then he started going out more and more and then he comes back one night and he told me he cheated. We tried again and I couldn’t forgive it . We went back and forth then it was a “I don’t know if we can stay together” response from him finally we tried again but still nothing worked. And then we went out one night and all of my trust was gone as I saw a nude on his phone. I pack and moved away in hopes we would maybe try in the future again but we couldn’t stop talking once I left he had regretted it and said he would fix things. We fell in love again and we tried again and it was amazing but then I came home to visit and my lack of trust got the best of me and I thought he was “with” a friend. I left home and we broke up but never stopped talking. I came back to visit but things seemed off but we decided I would still come for Christmas. He was secretly seeing a girl. Right before the plane trip the girl called. I was cut off and told it was nothing as I did not know he was seeing her. We were done again once I found the picture of her in his car later that week on my phone. Then I thought hey he’s begging for you to come home enough maybe it will work. I came home and he continued to go out and told me we shouldn’t try again. We seemed to be getting along and some moments we felt like normal then some didn’t. He still kept going out and I decided to go as we both knew I would eventually. Now I’m here I left. We had a conversation last night and we said let’s see if we can truly be apart and not miss each other again as we have never broken contact fully ever. I’m heartbroken but I don’t know what leads me back to him. My delusions maybe hoping he will want me cause he says he’s never cared or loved someone as much as me and he doesn’t wanna lose me and he wants to take care of me. As our last moments we just spent crying and kissing and both trying to understand but not knowing where to move from there. So we said we can give it another month maybe the no contact will solidify how we feel. Grated he has put in efforts of trying with me here and there through this process. He said he’s gonna try this time to really focus on if he wants to be with me or not and stop hiding from feeling like a fuck up because he cheated on me. I don’t know how to feel. I love who he is and he’s my best friend. But I’m just stuck not wanting to let go but I should shouldn’t I?"
relationship_advice "(22F) with (33M) Valentine’s Day Sadness I (F22) and my boyfriend Cole (M33) had a fight two days ago over the phone. We are in a long distance relationship. We had a disagreement over something, and he talked to me in a way that I hadn’t heard from him before and it made me cry. Today is Valentines.  I sent him a funny digital valentines card and he said thank you. Then I jokingly asked where is my card and he sent me one that was short and sweet. Last year we both posted each other on social media and I thought that was super sweet. We haven’t had any conversations about valentines expectations which probably should’ve happened. This year I still feel kind of bitter about our argument two days ago and I don’t really wanna post anything about him right now. He hasn’t posted anything about me either. But if he posts something about me, I will also post something about him on my story. I live with my friend Hannah, who is dating my boyfriends best friend. Hannah got flowers and chocolate. They also posted about each other on social media. I guess I’m just feeling weird and I need advice. I am trying to stay positive because no one wants to do anything for a negative person on Valentines but also I still feel mad about that fight we had. What should I do? I’m also contemplating just posting myself on social media (my cute outfit), not dissing him or anything, but showing off my fun day."
relationship_advice "Should I [26F] end this relationship with him before it begins [29M]? For reference, we’ve been seeing each other for a month and this is my first real relationship. 
All of my friends act all googly-eyed and obsessed with their partner and I’m just not. I love spending as much time as I can with him because I love his company and I get excited to see him, but I don’t see him through rose colored glasses. Like he just got an awful haircut and it made me a little less attracted to him (don’t get me wrong, I won’t tell him what I think because I dont want to change him, he likes it and that’s all that matters) but all of my friends act like their partners are faultless and perfect no matter what they do/look like. I feel superficial because I know you’re supposed to love your partner in spite of little things like this.
Is this what a normal relationship looks like or do I need to end it before it gets too far?"
relationship_advice "Is he (30 M) showing red flags (27 F) or does he really care? 
I’ve been dating this guy for about 7 months already. He is a very stable person and knows what he wants, and he reminds me of that constantly.
There’s been a few times where my phone goes off two or three times while we are on a call, and he’ll be like “who’s blowing up your phone? “ in where I proceed to tell him that they’re just app notifications or sometimes it’s a message from one of my social media accounts. When it is a message, I always tell him who it is and what the message says, not in a out of fear way but just in a communicative way because I have nothing to hide.

Yesterday I posted a selfie on my ig story nothing crazy meaning not a thirst trap, also you should know that I have him on IG too. As usual, people send reactions and sometimes message you when you post , and my phone happened to go off like three times while we were on a call. He got mad and started complaining about how my phone is always going off in which I try telling him that it’s not “always” the case and I always try telling him what my notification are about, but this time as usual he said he didn’t want to hear it and he will instead talk to me later. 

Later on that night he calls me again and starts accusing me of talking to someone else, because in his mind that is the only reasonable reason my phone goes off a few times while we are on a call. Then he proceeded to say that the only reason I post pictures in IG is to get attention from other guys because that’s what I seek. He also says that he knows this is a temporary thing that I’m going through, and that I will eventually realize that seeking validation in social media is a waste of time, which is why he is still talking to me. I kind of laughed and was like what, I’m not even seeking validation!? The thing is that I don’t even post a lot! I post like once or twice a week like a story of my food or coffee or sometimes a cute selfie (at least I think). I find it so hypocritical though,  that he has an IG account  if he’s so against it and he even follows all his exes but his excuse is that he knows how to put a stop to them if they message him. I don’t follow my exes or even respond to messages from men, but he says that’s not enough that I should block any men who message me lol. 

He then proceeded into making me feel worse by saying that I’m almost thirty and I have my priorities wrong that instead of obsessing over my social media (which again I’m not! ) I should worry about making decisions for my future like looking for a better job. I am currently working as a substitute teacher for public schools in my city  while I find a job in my field, I graduated with a BS in CS and math a few months ago but I have yet to find a job that in the field.  This made me feel bad. 

He also tells me that the only reason he tells me this things is because he cares about me and my future, but I feel like anytime I try reassuring him that his assumptions about me are wrong he does not believe me. I really like him but idk anymore if it’s worth it or if I’m over thinking it."
relationship_advice "I (23F) just found used condoms on the top of my boyfriends (23M) trash He’s coming home in 20 minutes and I don’t even know how I should address this. I haven’t seen him in 3 weeks and I drove 2 hours to visit him for Valentine’s day. What do I say???"
relationship_advice "(M26)(F22) Feeling really bad today :( 


Today is Valentine’s Day . Ugh . I should be happy . I should be with the one I love . The girl I’ve been seeing (M26)(F22) and I stopped talking mid January . We had an on off relationship for the past 5 months and she even lived with me for most of November . It’s the most in love I’ve ever been with someone and the relationship was super good yet super bad . The fights would get started over virtually nothing. But then it would be great again . This girl has been very difficult to please and I’ve spent a great deal of time , money and effort to keep her happy . It was worth it . Don’t regret it . This girl made me sooo happy . We were planning to have a family together. Anyways mid January I offered to order her food for dinner as she’d had a rough day at work . She had recently moved back with her mom from where she had been living. I asked for her address to send the food and she got all angry . Saying she didn’t want me having the address. (This girl lived with me and my family for almost a month, I’ve met her mom and dropped her off there before I justdont have the address). She then blocked me . Not the first time . So I messaged her off a text app as I’d done before lol. She said I came at her which I did get irritated she wouldn’t give me the address. But reasonably so. She then messaged me on my main number saying she didn’t like me anymore and didn’t want me anymore (we weren’t officially together at the time by her chooosing I might add, also not the first time she has said something like this and been back with me a few days later )I then asked why over something so small everything was great and she said no reason I just don’t like u anymore . some harsh words were said between both of us after . A week or so later I tried texting her and she said she got a new bf and threw the necklace I got her for Christmas off her friends balcony. It’s been 2-3weeks since then and I’m just so upset about it . No reason no clarity . I really love this girl tomorrow is gonnna be hard but I guess that’s what wine is for lol ."
relationship_advice "Breaking up with my (22M) girlfriend (19F) of 2 months who is head over heels in love. Hi there,

So we dated from begin november until the end of december and then we made it official. So now we've been together for 2 months. I really though this was it, I was feeling butterflies everywhere and I was so sure she was the one. And than suddenly, boom, my feelings went all numb. I feel so fucking bad and guilty about it as well.. I've said I love you multiple times and now I realise that is might've been all infatuation. While she really is in love and talks about things waaay in the future. I had the idea to wait it out and hope my feelings return but I'm afraid that's not going to happen, and I don't want to lead her on any longer. 

I couldn't bare to break it up around Valentine so I haven't yet. Could you guys give me some advice how I should do it? I really don't want to hurt her, she's so sweet and deserves the world. I want to make this about me, so that she doesn't feel guilty about anything. I know she probably will, but at least I want to minimize that. 

I've been broken up with before and my ex was not clear at all, wich led me on for a long time. So I also don't want that because it caused a lot of unneccesary pain. It must be clear, but all my fault. 

Some advice is much appreciated."
relationship_advice "my (35m) husband (53m) put the wrong name on a gift Okay, so my husband is a wonderful supportive man. I'm trans and he's cis. I've only been out for about 4-5 years. We've been together for 15 years. He's very artsy and so he made me a gift rather than buying me something. He made a fake license plate with my name on it cuz all my personalized stuff has my deadname. But he put the wrong name on it. 

I'd been trying Jayson for like a year when, a couple months ago, I found a name I liked even better (Vincent) and have been using both to see which one I liked better. I've discussed with him that I like Vincent better, but I haven't changed anything except my facebook name. So like, all my doctors and most of my family still call me Jayson. I was actually planning on completely switching to Vincent and start the process of legally changing it. 

He just gave me the gift a few minutes ago. It says Jayson. I said thank you and was very grateful. I'm not the type of person to point out the flaws of a gift. But how do I display a gift that's wrong? What do I say to him? He's very sensitive when it comes to his art and what he gives. I don't want to hurt him. Help? 

TLDR- my husband put the wrong name on a gift and I don't know how to tell him"
relationship_advice "my (19m) now ex-girlfriend (20f) of 3 months left because she couldn’t get feeling for me about a week ago my (19m) now ex-girlfriend (20f) of 3 months left because she couldn’t get feeling for me. when she initially broke things off i understood why she felt like things wouldn’t work out. i tried to tell her that i think it would be worth waiting and spending a little more time together to see what happens and i told her to think about it. i gave it some time and she eventually told me that she didn’t think it would work and she didn’t feel a connection like that with me. she told me that i was a really good boyfriend and i didn’t do anything wrong it was just her heart wasn’t in the right place, she told me i deserve to be with someone who can really appreciate me and that she still wanted to be friends because she enjoys the friendship aspect of our relationship. 

this hurt as i had feelings for her and i think we were good for each other.  i understand her decision but i so badly feel like we should’ve given it more of a chance and that she’s worth waiting to see. is it worth trying to convince her to try again or has she already made up her mind completely? 

for context, we always enjoyed our time together. the first month and a half of our relationship was great and we really enjoyed being together. after that month and a half she said she wanted to slow thing down and focus on figuring out her feelings. i said that’s completely okay but the last month of our relationship seemed a little off, but nothing too incredibly worrying. eventually we agreed that we should just focus on having fun and enjoying our time with each other instead of on our feelings because the past month felt slightly off. before we could start this period of “having fun” she broke things off. which leaves me feeling like we could’ve given our relationship more of a chance if we had taken some more time. 


i’ve decided that no contact would be best for now and then i can decide if we can be friends later on and she understood and we wished each other the best. 

tldr: gf broke up with me after 3 months because she didn’t have feelings but i feel like we could’ve given it more time."
relationship_advice "Am I (24f) oblivious to fiancé’s (26M) behaviors, or is my Mom (46f) overreacting? My fiancé (26M) and I (24f) have a 19 month old together. We frequently watch my 10 yo sister for my mom so she doesn’t have to pay for child care. 
Ever since we got engaged 3 months ago, my mom has been more vocal about the things she doesn’t like that fiancé does. “He’s on his phone too much”, “ He doesn’t pay enough attention to the baby”, “He drinks too much”, “he’s mean to the dog”, “he doesn’t help you enough doing house maintenance” it goes on and on. I don’t agree with a lot of what she says. He drinks but not every day are RARELY to excess. He does play on his phone but loves playing with our boy. I’ve always been the handy one around the house and it doesn’t bother me much as long as the other work around the house evens out. He does get onto the dog when he misbehaves and is working on more appropriate behavior modification (like preventing dog from running off by revoking off-leash privileges). We’ve lived together for 2.5 years and have had some issues to work through, but doesn’t every couple? Basically he doesn’t meet what she wants for me out of a partner but I love him and our family.  Fiancé also stays home with baby while I work. Recently, our son went through a growth spurt, as one year olds do, and spent the better part of 3 days just eating and sleeping. Mom asked me “Are you sure baby didn’t get a hold of fiancé’s whiskey or he didn’t get a concussion?” Yes I’m sure. I was home for day 2 and 3 and it was very typical growth spurt behavior -I’m an ER nurse and know signs to look for for head trauma and ingestion. 
The big issue is we live close to my mom because we’ve been helping her with my sister after school and overnight sometimes just for “sister time” and so my parents can have a date night and free child care. They also watch our son every now and then but it’s not nearly as much as we keep my sister. I don’t mind because we get along really well and she’s a great kid. 
All of a sudden last week my mom said she won’t need us to pick sister up from school anymore because she doesn’t trust fiancé. This hurt because I could tell that she was intentionally creating some distance although the only reason we aren’t living where we want to is to help them and although fiancé has his problems (just like everyone else) he did nothing in my eyes to deserve this level of distrust. Fiancé also has never been alone with sister so I know for a fact nothing sinister has happened. She was supposed to come on vacation with us this weekend since she is out of school both Friday and Monday and because she gets along great with our nieces on fiancés side that will be there, but today mom said she won’t allow sister on vacation with us because she “has to protect her”, from what I’m not sure. This is a shock to me and really hurts because I’m very close to them and they’re practically the only family I have. I do have two other adult sisters I talk to regularly but no other “adultier adults” in the family.
We decided to move at the end of the month to where we want to live -closer to his family and our friends and my adult sisters, where we grew up and where we like to hang out. (We live in an RV so it doesn’t take much to move) I told my mom and she said “I knew he was going to separate you from your family”, but I’m the one that said we needed to move after she told us they didn’t want us to watch sister anymore and bashed fiancé. But she is putting everything on him when she’s the one that started pushing us away. 
My mom was extremely overprotective when I was a kid and I wasn’t allowed to do much because of it. I think she is going overboard with this situation and putting the blame elsewhere because she doesn’t want to be the bad guy but I also could be missing something that would cause such a reaction from her."
relationship_advice "Really struggling to move past my [40F] Boomer parents [70M, 70F] spending centuries of generational wealth I know I need to get over this. My own mother [70F] said I'm going to get bitter and twisted over it. I really want help because the cost of living crisis in my country is making our finances tighter and tighter every month and it's driving a huge wedge into my relationship with my parents.

In the 50s and 60s my parents benefited from expensive private schooling and extremely wealthy parents - as well as all the other Boomer stuff that all the middle class Boomers got like cheap housing, jobs that paid well etc. My dad literally got given a partnership at a major law firm by my grandpa.

They had me in the 80s. They preferred my brother [38M] from the start, which doesn't help things. They foisted me off on my granny pretty much full time. But when I was 10 and they were 40, the age I am now, my mother inherited a buttload of money and they bought a huge 30 room mansion in the centre of our town outright - no mortgage.

I went to local state schools. I was bullied and ended up going to literally every school in town, because my mother cut my hair herself (very short), I wore free glasses and second hand clothing. I rarely got Christmas and birthday presents, and never birthday parties. The other kids were really confused, because well, we lived in a bloody mansion and my mum wasn't buying me sanitary products. She made me work in my dad's office under minimum wage at 12 to pay for them, and then in various local shops around the town.

Meanwhile my parents were living it up with two huge parties a year with 200+ people at a time, crates of wine, barrels of beer on tap etc. My mother bought curtains that cost £6k. That kind of thing. They inherited more huge lump sums over the years as various relatives died. My mother owns a diamond tiara, and has given away numerous fur coats.

I went to uni, and my loan was means assessed - but my parents didn't give the level of hand-outs that the government expected, so unlike poorer classmates I had to work through my degree.

My parents helped me with rent for a while, and did give me part of a deposit for my first house - about £10k, so, just over one and a half curtains. I was incredibly grateful at the time - of course I was. They also paid £7k for my wedding, and again, I was hugely grateful.

I'm not so grateful ten years later, and I really need help getting my shit into perspective. I'm still really privileged, but I'm struggling to remember it.

I have a daughter now. All my money goes to her schooling and the rest into savings for her. I look at my childhood (mentally - my parents never took photos) and at my tiny home and think wow, how great would it be to have no mortgage? How great would it be to afford a birthday party for my kid? How great would it be to take her abroad without saddling myself with huge, crippling debt?

And I look at my parents, proudly part of the SKI (Spending Kids' Inheritance) Club, going on their cruises, downsizing their house to a mere 4-bed so they can enjoy the last dregs of generations of wealth. And listen to them telling me that all we have to do is eat out less (less than once every six months?) and maybe we wouldn't have to worry about kitchen cupboard doors falling off.

My cousins went to private schools, then Oxford and Cambridge universities, subsequently working in high paid careers. They have been bought houses outright by their parents, flats in London, horses, ski holidays, you name it. And of course I get them asking why I can't be more like my cousins.

Meanwhile, for Christmas my parents bought me a pair of slippers off the internet.

How can I let this horrid sourness go? I know I need to. I can't keep feeling like this. I know we can all agree that the Boomers (yeah I know, Not All Boomers) have screwed over Millennials, but I feel like I'm Tiny Tim being given financial advice by Scrooge. It isn't good for my mental health OR my relationship with my parents, never mind their relationship with my daughter [7F] who's always asking why we can't live in a nice big house like Granny and Grampa and all their friends."
relationship_advice "32m need advice 25f So I'm in weird spot, so I used to work with this girl, we got really cool with each other and connect really well but never went anywhere becuase of our circumstances. Fast forward a lil bit and she visits my job a few times acting all flirty then suggest we have dinner sometime. Cool we make plans and she ends up canceling becuase she forgot and  made the date on her mom's bday which I verified. I rescheduled but then she completely flaked out and hadn't spoke to her in months and moved on deleted number.Then all of a sudden I get a few texts outta nowhere from her the other day, just small chit chat and jokes so I send her happy Valentine's text today, she replies back with "" sending lots of love"" so I dunno what to think if she is reaching out to give it a shot or just emotional wash rag bs. I'd like to take her out and chill with her but I already felt rejected before so I don't wanna waste time pursuing her if it's not reciprocal. What should I do looking for some ideas to text her back any suggestions?"
relationship_advice "My 23m) girlfriend (23f) of 8 years lied about who she was going on a work trip with. And kicked me out after I found out TLDR- She told me she was going out of town on a work trip for the weekend. And said I couldn’t come with and that she’d be going with her manager, who is a female. I hadn’t heard from her all weekend. She then refused to come home and told me she went with a male coworker. I got mad that she lied and asked if anything had happened. She said no but I need to get my shit and leave


So basically. Little back story, we had just gotten through a pretty rough patch in July/August. We moved in together, everything was great until around New Years. She started having inappropriate conversations with her friends on discord. And I’d explain to her how that’s not okay and how it makes me upset. But she’d basically throw it in my face and tell me she’s doing nothing wrong because she hardly ever responds and how I’m being controlling. So that severely upset me and I was about ready to walk out then and there but continued to try to communicate but she would just ignore me and tell me there’s nothing to talk about. That issue never really got resolved. Then fast forward to a couple weeks ago. She went out to the bar with her friend and told me she’d be home by 11/11:30. Well midnight rolls around so I text her making sure everything is okay. She reads the text but doesn’t respond. I text her a few more times until around 2am. Same thing happens. Then around 4am she comes stumbling in with her hair up and wreaking of cigarettes, she doesn’t smoke because she has afib and a pacemaker. I was like wtf happened? She said she ended up going to another bar later in the night and was talking to the regulars. And I asked why didn’t she just tell me that, and why did you ignore my texts and calls? She then tells me that I’m interrogating her and she just wants to go to bed. 

Fast forward to this past weekend. She tells me on Friday around 6 that she has to go to Wisconsin for the weekend for work. And that she’ll be staying up there with her coworker, who is a female, and that I wouldn’t be able to come with. I said oh okay, that sucks I really would‘ve liked to get out of the house for a bit. Then again she says no you can’t come with. And that she’s leaving within the hour. So she packs up then says goodbye and leaves. Texts me telling her she made it and I asked if I can call, she says no she’s on the phone with her friend. I said okay well call me afterwards. That never happened. Then I didn’t hear from her until Sunday at 5:30- she was supposed to be home at 2. Saying she’s going to her friends house and that she didn’t go with her female coworker, she went with a particular male coworker who I’ve had problems with in the past. So I got pretty damn upset and kinda blew up on her. I said okay, why’d you lie? And be honest, did anything happen. She said no nothing happened but I should pack my things. I was blindsided by this so I didn’t respond. Then yesterday morning, after she turned her location off, and still didn’t come home, she texts me again saying “leave before I get home from work” I tried calling and texting to see what the hell was going on. She ignored them. So he parents call me and ask what the hell is going on and that she admitted she lied about who she was going with. And that I should go to her work to talk to her and figure everything out. So I pull into her work right before she got off and parked next to her car. She saw me, grabbed her bag that she packed for the weekend out of her car and went back inside. Then called me asking what I’m doing and that I need to have my stuff gone and out. I said well your parents said to come back to you because you told them you wouldn’t be coming home until I’m gone. She said she’s not talking to me because there’s nothing to talk about and to have my stuff totally gone in 4 hours. Then hung up and blocked and deleted me on literally every social media app we both have, on Venmo, my phone number etc.. So now I’m living in my car at the moment because I just spent almost 7,000 dollars on CDL school and cannot afford to get a hotel and not do I have any family willing to take me in, other than my mom but she’s 800 miles away but I can’t leave due to school. 

What do I do about her? Obviously I can’t talk to her or anything so I have to give her space. But her parents and friends are just as confused as me. I have a feeling something may have happened but at this point in time I’d just like to talk to her."
relationship_advice "My M27 girlfriend F24 of two years dumped me but wants FWB relations 


Just as the title suggests my gf broke up with me, about a week later we decided to meet up and smooth things over where we both admitted areas we could have been better.

She then said she still loved me but needed time to work on her self but would still like to hang out occasionally and still have sexual relations and possibly one day date each other again.

I feel like I’m being used by agreeing to this but worried about letting go as I’ve not dated in years. Any advice welcome."
relationship_advice "I (21F) am losing sexual feelings for my partner (28M) of 3 years. Help! Throwaway because I don't want him finding this. 

I have really been struggling with my relationship. Like, it is getting to the point that I know I either need to end it or we need to go to counseling. I am honestly crushed and feel like I'm living a lie. 

My boyfriend (28M) and I (21F) have been together for 3 years. We have been living together in his rented house for the past 6 months. I love this man so much. He has been there for me in times of need. He's a genuinely good person, which is why this is so hard. I know he is in love with me, he is obsessed. The only things he struggles with are dealing with my mental health issues and helping me around the house, which can sometimes be an argument. 

We have recently (for about 5 months) been having some severe dead bedroom issues. I just cannot get turned on for him, nor do I really feel sexually attracted to him. It's just not fair. We both lost our virginities to each other, and he just isn't very experienced or necessarily good in bed. We have definitely improved on things, but he's only been able to make me cum twice. He is so sweet and tries his best, but I just can't get into it enough anymore to make it happen. Sex feels like a chore and I just don't want to do it. I know it's not fair for him.

I finally broke down to him yesterday that I'm just not thinking our sex life is repairable. I kind of wish that I had explored my sexuality a little more and slept with other people before ""settling down"". I really thought I was going to marry this man, but now I'm having severe doubts. I think it might be time to end it, but anytime I bring it up as an option, he just seems crushed. I know he would be devastated. 

What do I do? We have pets together. Our families are intertwined. He's literally my best friend. I don't know what I'd do without him, but I know this just isn't fair. He doesn't deserve this. Is this fixable? We've tried to mix things up, role-playing, etc. Nothing is working. I need help and I don't know what to do. I can't afford therapy.

And the main issue is, I have feelings for other guys outside of my relationship. Sexual feelings. Like I'm extremely interested in sleeping with other people. God, I feel like such a bitch.  I would never cheat, but I really think it would be fair to end things so that we can both work on ourselves. Ugh, I'm so lost. I don't know what to do."
relationship_advice "Is she (21f) being ungrateful (20m) So just some backstory we’ve been dating for a couple months now and it just so happens our anniversary is on valentines so as I do for all our past anniversary’s I get her a very nice bouquet of flowers this time was no different but the place i ordered them from ripped me off by sending her some ugly roses almost dead and now she is angry saying I ruined her day what are your thoughts"
relationship_advice "How should I [18F] respond to this weird man [25M] from a coffee shop 
I am a freshman in college, and I am always up late studying. I love to go to this specific coffee shop which is open until 11pm so I can get out of my dorm for a while.

Late Sunday night, I was getting work done when a man sat at the table next to me. He complimented my piercings and I thanked him. He didn’t come off as creepy or anything, but definitely high as a kite and really friendly. He started asking me about school, and he talked about how he graduated a few years ago. He started talking about music and his invention ideas, and I was kind of just nodding and smiling along with everything, I really wanted to get back to my work. He kept rambling for maybe 25 minutes until he moved to the chair next to me to show me photos of his dog and the bizarre tabletop game he is trying to patent. 

Eventually, he opens a new contact on his phone and hands it to me so I can “share some of my music,” then he immediately texts it to make sure it went through. l know I shouldn’t have put my number in but I was panicked and I didn’t know how to get out of the situation. He kept rambling and even had me connect my AirPods to his phone so I could listen to his shitty rap cover of a song from a video game while he went outside for a smoke break 😭

It had been about an hour of this and the coffee shop was about to close, and I was eager to be done with everything. Before he leaves, he gave me a half eaten chocolate bar “for Valentine’s Day,” then goes in for a hug which I really regretfully accepted. 

He has sent me a few texts since about random things and I haven’t had a clue how to respond. One of them was a news article about biochemistry, which is my major. I have a boyfriend and I am not interested in the slightest, but at the same time I don’t want to be rude if he was only trying to be friendly.

In these situations I feel like a frog in a pot of water slowly heating up, I can’t tell when things have gone too far. How should I respond, if at all? I loved that coffee shop, and I don’t want too stop going just to avoid this guy."
relationship_advice "Should I (25M) not be bummed about my wife (24F) not posting about me on social media for Valentine's Day while on deployment? I'm currently on week three of a nine-month deployment and recently married my wife in January. We've lived together for six months before I deployed and things have always been great. Today is Valentine's Day. I made a post about her on Facebook for the first time announcing to my world that we're married and am bummed she hasn't made a post about me. Neither one of us post on social media very much and tend to keep our relationship pretty private. She's posted about me before on her socials but what bugs me is that, today of all days, she posted a pic of her and her male coworker on her story of them at work. She hasn't made a post in a while either. I don't know if I'm looking for advice or for someone to cheer me up, but I just feel lonely. Any thoughts?"
relationship_advice "I (31M) and my gf (31F) been in love emotionally but in no way physically 
Me (31M) and my (31F) gf have been together for almost a month. and me and my gf have been talking to each other every night, telling eachother secrets, and when i asked if she would be down to kiss or hug or even hold hands she just told me that she is not comfortable with that . Now i understand that physical touch isnt everyone and im not asking for all the time but she just isnt giving me the love i need to love someone (by physically i dont mean sex) and before you ask, no i do not buy her gifts and no she isnt using me , but she is perfectly fine hugging and holding her friends hand, reddit can you help me?"
relationship_advice "My (20m) girlfriend (20f) never posts me on her public social media’s. 
Todays Valentine’s Day and everyone is posting their SO. I posted my gf on my main Snapchat story only to see that she only put me on her private Snapchat story. Idk why it bothers me but it does it just feels like she doesn’t want anyone but her close friends who already know me to see us. Thoughts?"
relationship_advice "I 25F am ruining my relationship with my BF 20M. 
I (F25) have been with my BF (M20) for over 2 years. Recently we decided to go on an adventure and live in France for 6 months working a ski season him a chef and me a host. Well, it didn't go to plan. I ended up feeling really isolated, and my mental health declined. I essentially shut down and stopped communicating with my BF. We are back home and have been for just over 1 week after, 10 weeks abroad, and I am still not back to my oldself. 

I think I have become disconnected from my relationship. I love my partner, he is everything to me and I want to spend the rest of my life with him. However, I have stopped most forms of affection with only a bit of kissing and cuddling, mainly to reassure him that our relationship is OK and that we are OK. I'm hurting myself and my partner, we have talked and he has told me I am not showing him enough love and affection and the majority of the time he feels I am going through motions and doing things to keep him happy. I am doing that, but I also want to want to do those things if that makes sense? 

I'm unsure where it all started or why I am being the way I am. All I want is to be myself again and for us to be how we were before we went away. 

Has anybody been in a similar position before or could provide some advice on how to rekindle what I have lost?"
relationship_advice "Is it dumb to buy myself (F26) flowers? (BF is M26) Miley Cyrus seems to think it’s a good idea. Is it passive aggressive to buy flowers for myself (26F) after receiving nothing for Valentine’s Day. To be clear, I have set the precedent that I expect something small in past years. Money is no matter, he (26M, bf of 12 years) could literally draw me a picture or write something nice down for me to hold on to, though he does have expendable income. I did receive a happy Valentine’s Day text this morning whilst I was away from our home in class. So it was acknowledge, which is more than has happened in the past. But, like why the resistance? Especially when my expectations are so low? So, would it be obnoxious if you came home, and your partner had bought themselves flowers? Also, because I foresee this as a question. He insist he wants nothing for Valentine’s Day. So I resist every inkling in me that craves to bake raspberry heart covered brownies and hang heart banners in our kitchen and pronounce I love you excessive times throughout the day, and keep to a simple Valentine’s Day wish, because that’s what he would prefer. Why is my wish not reciprocated? Am I being obtuse about something here? It’s frustrating but nice to get off my chest, ideas or advice is welcomed.

Update, I bought the flowers, chocolate brioche, lit a candle and cried to Better Man by Little Big Town."
relationship_advice "Boyfriend (19M) fails to follow through on valentines day after my (19F) clear communication Happy valentines day, everyone.

Me and my boyfriend have been together 5 years, and we're in an LDR as we're both in university. To me, this holiday isn't the be-all-end-all and I don't expect my partner to go out of his way to make the most grand gesture to ever exist. However, recently I've been expressing to him that I need affection more than he naturally gives it.

For reference, in his head ""you have 4 leggings now"" or ""I see you went for red hair"" are compliments in his eyes. He also doesn't care at all about valentine's and has refused to even acknowledge the day, causing small arguments for us in the past.

All this to say, for the past 2 days I clearly communicated my expectations. I told him, it's not about the gift, it's the thought, and I hinted to him that words of affirmation is my main love language so he should focus on that. We even talked about it this morning, and he said he would call, and also write me a few nice words.

Fast forward to 9:30pm Valentine's evening, he hadn't even called. I texted him to say I was disappointed, and he had no idea what I was talking about. I reminded him about what we talked about, and said I'm disappointed he didn't call, let alone write me anything nice. I told him I was sad that I communicated clearly (not my forte at times) and he still managed to disregard my wants. He said ""sorry I completely forgot"" and then proceeded to shrug it off with the following two texts.

""I didn't know the day was so important to you""

""It's okay, we have plenty of time to do things we like""

What? How can you even say that? And what does that second text even have to do with anything?""

I have no clue where to go from here. I won't lie, I'm peeved off, and I don't know what to do about this whole situation.

TLDR: LDR boyfriend failed to follow through on his valentine's day promises (of calling me and writing me a nice text message) after clear communication, and shrugged it off."
relationship_advice "I(32M) felt my GF(34F) been distant. We don’t have children, living together for the last 6months. We been together close to 11 months.still living together 
Is been a few weeks that my gf started to act differently. So I ask here if we where ok, she said no that she doesn’t feel attracted to me and that she has a lot of questions and doubts. That she wants to live alone and be on the same town for the work contract(we travel around for work). I ask her if she wants to end the relationship but she doesn’t know, but if I want a life whit her I was doing stuff she likes me doing(gym, yoga, taking care of my health). I was caught by surprise, I know is been a bit weird with me not working for 4 months because I couldn’t find a contract. 

We talk and she said that she is in a back and forth in between breaking up or no. That for the next place she wants to live on her own. That she wants a partner that is self improving. She mentioned from a pass talk about my hygiene and breath smell that since then I recognize I need to improve and I’m working on it. When ask if she sees possibly a future where we heal the relationship she says maybe but doesn’t know the future. because I have started making changes but is been a few days.
She doesn’t want to tell me what I need to change because it wouldn’t be the real me changing. She gives me this mix messages of hugging me or randomly kiss me, holding each other during tv. Saying that in some aspects she likes me but there is no physical attraction.

I’m trying to save the relationship but don’t know if is possible or the best for me."
relationship_advice "My (18F) future roommate (18F) is pregnant and idk if I still want to live with her Okay before you guys start calling me an asshole… we are both 18 and in university and frankly I don’t think I’m ready to be living with a literal baby. I just moved out to live on my own in a dorm this year and want to focus on my academics.

My friend and I planned on being room mates next school year and we haven’t found a place yet but we started looking around. She just told me that she’s pregnant and that she’s keeping the child. Now you’re probably wondering why she can’t live with the father of the child… it’s because he lives in a city a few hours away and we are all in uni so commuting would be a pain. 

She’s a really good friend and I like her a lot, but I’m not sure how I feel about living with a pregnant person and having a baby in the house when I need to focus on school and my career. She told me she still wants to be my room mate but I guess I feel uncomfortable with it. Don’t get me wrong, I understand it is her choice to keep the child but I just don’t feel like I’m ready to have to help her take care of the baby while I’m in school. The father/her fiancé isn’t going to be around much except for the weekends as well.

I feel really bad for even considering finding another room mate but I really just can’t fathom having a baby in my apartment in university. I know that as a good friend I should be there for her but I really do not want to have a baby in the house especially when we are all 18 and barely surviving university already. I feel like I’m not ready for it. 

Also, she hasn’t told her parents so idk how she is going to financially support the kid and the father is unemployed too. Overall I just can’t imagine being happy in the living arrangement if she keeps the child. I don’t know if I should tell her how I feel since it’s her baby and her choice… but I also feel bad telling her. 

Please, I know I seem like an asshole for considering this at all but I don’t know what to do."
relationship_advice "I 26 F don't know how to break up with my boyfriend 24 M 
Soo I know I know I just need to tell him. But this is the first relationship where I have been integrated into my partners family. Like my bfs family is so sweet and thoughtful and they always include me in family events. I feel bad wanting to break up and have these people be mad at me. We've been dating for almost a year and to make a long story short me and him are just not compatible.

I also have another problem, I haven't even hinted at the fact that I'm completely removed from the relationship so when I do break things off he will be blindsided. I know in this situation I'm the bad guy, but I have had issue with confrontation and speaking up in the past this is a big reason why I've been delaying this. He's not a bad person per se just not my cup of tea to be in a relationship with. 


How do I go about this? HELP!"
relationship_advice "Should I (27F) leave my bf (27M) of 6 months? I NEED ADVICE ASAP. Our VDay date may be our last date 😩🙏🏼 I’ve been with my bf [officially] for 6 months. We've been dating overall for about a yr. We met on a dating app. I just found out 3 weeks ago that he never deleted said dating app. Since we had become exclusive 3 months into our ""talking"" stage we had both decided to delete the app. I did, he didn't. And he kept it hidden. He has ALWAYS, from the very beginning expressed how insecure he is because of his previous relationships. He has always worried that I am not as into him as he (allegedly) is into me. So, when I first found the app on his phone I went through EVERYTHING. All his socials, calls, pictures and texts are clean. Expect for that dating app where he did have matches but no conversations with anyone. I checked his phone and App Store for any alternative txting apps. There was none. I questioned him and he said his insecurities led him to go back on the app and scroll through it in search of ME. I of course have been off the app and have been loyal to him 100% Besides this betrayal he has been good to me. We were both previously single for 6 yrs and we're learning to be in a relationship again. It's been a challenge but overall it's been wonderful. At least, I thought so, up until 3 days ago when I was using his phone and noticed a new app on his phone. I have been having a hard time trusting him since discovering the dating app. I found this new app which is a live chat app which he describes as ""live porn."" I told him that him looking for sexual satisfaction privately with an individual that can can communicate with him is considered cheating. He does not agree but nonetheless he is regretful and apologetic for hurting me once again.
AM I STUPID FOR STILL BEING WITH HIM? I am trying to walk away. I feel like I need to end things but I love him very much and want to make it work. SHOULD I?"
relationship_advice "I [24M] am back with my ex girlfriend [22F] who cheated on me Hello everyone,

&amp;#x200B;

I have quite the dilemma...

2 years ago, I started dating this girl. It was not so great almost from the start; we were being very toxic to each other. Time went by (about 4 months) and she cheated on me. 

9 months went by and we got back together.   
It's now been a year and a half since we've been back together. We've had our ups and downs, but overall it's been okay.

One thing has been on my mind this whole time though: the more time goes by, the more I realise that I am not going to be able to forgive or forget her cheating on me.

I have plans with her for the future, but man does the cheating thing take a huge part in my mind. I feel like I am stuck, waiting for something to happen that'll make me forget about what happened ...

&amp;#x200B;

I think there are only two options:

\- I convince myself that she did not cheat on me

\- I break up with her

&amp;#x200B;

It's either one of these two I believe, regardless of how well the relationship is going at the moment, since I really tried to get past the cheating.

&amp;#x200B;

What should I do?

&amp;#x200B;

To the people that'll thankfully try to convince me that she didn't cheat on me, here is the context:

We were (and actually still are) a semi long distance relationship, meaning that during the week she goes to school far away, and she comes back to my town on the week ends.

We were being toxic to each other, I broke up with her. I then realised that I might have gone too fast taking that decision, and took the time to win her back. When she was about to agree to be with me once again, she then stopped and said "" I can't go back with you that soon, you just broke up with me, what does that say about me and my self esteem"" which made sense to me. 

&amp;#x200B;

We kept talking to each other as we used to in our long distance relationship and we made clear that we were not going to look for someone else, we were just taking a short break and that's it. The part where we wouldn't go elsewhere, I made very clear that we agreed upon.  


2 weeks went by where I felt bad about myself because she was still talking to me, and not telling me when we would officially get back together. On the outside we were still together (which we were) but she was still not clear on whether or not she was ready to come see me face to face and start fresh with me. I felt like a dog kept on a leash. 

So one day, I told her that I needed time where we wouldn't speak on the phone, so that she could actually get the time she wanted for herself, and I wouldn't feel like a dog kept on a leash.   


At that exact moment, she claimed that she had gotten the time she needed and that she felt ready to get back with me. I found that very manipulative to keep me on a leash, and as soon as I was about to put some distance, she was miraculously ready...

&amp;#x200B;

I took the distance I needed, and two weeks later I went back to talking to her.  


We had the most civilized conversation we had ever have, but she said ""since we've been completely honest with one another, I have to tell you that on the day you put some distance, I had a tinder one night stand. Trust me I felt bad and cried during sex. So I talked about you to the guy I was previously having sex and cried some more and left""  


To me that was cheating. We were on a break from each other, not broken up if that makes sense, and we made clear that we would not seek for someone else. I tried to accept but I couldn't, and I broke up with her.

9 months later, when we got back together, she still didn't believe she cheated on me. I had to explain all of the above to her. She said that she thought that when I put some distance, she thought that it was a break up.  


&amp;#x200B;

Now we are a ""happy"" couple, with big plans for the future, but whenever she is away or whenever it is possible, I get anxiety about her cheating on me.

All my friends know about the situation and always insinuate she is cheating on me.

&amp;#x200B;

The person I described, isn't really representative of what she is today.   


I don't know what to do.

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for reading"
relationship_advice "34F and 30M first Valentines Day - dating for 4 months I 34/f have been seeing my 30/m boyfriend for 4 months. When Valentine’s Day was a few weeks out I asked what he wanted to do and he said dinner and that he would book something closer to the date… a week out and nothing was booked so I researched all around for a place that still had reservations available and booked it. 

A week ago he started asking me questions about which floor I worked on so I thought maybe he was going to send me flowers and thought that was really thoughtful. I went out and got him some crystal head vodka, some other drinks, chocolates and a card. 

Turns out he was not sending me flowers…. 

I feel quite disappointed but maybe I’m just expecting too much"
relationship_advice "My [28M] favourite coworker [30M] just quit unexpectedly and deleted his Facebook account. Wtf? I work a shift worker job and there was one relatively new guy that was doing extremely well. He had everything going for him.

Not only was he super friendly and on good terms with everyone, but he was also super reliable, would always stay back, would always help out and do extra work, always picked up as many shifts as possible because he wanted more hours (was literally doing 70+ hours per week), etc.

Not only did us coworkers love him, but management loved him too. He was accepted for a promotion to supervisor, and the first day of supervisor training... He didn't show up.

He called in sick that day and quit on the spot. No notice.

Many of us were friends with him on Facebook but it appears he deleted his account too, so I can't even message him to see what happened.

Wtf? How does this even happen?"
relationship_advice "My girlfriend [F24] doesn't like it when I'm [M27] too nice or talk to women in respectful situations. My girlfriend and I have been together for about 1.5 years and it's had its problems. We've worked things out but now it's starting to be impossible.

She really doesn't like it when I talk to my neighbors (I live in a condo) in the elevator if they're females. I talk with male neighbors just as much. She also doesn't like it when I'm nice to the server, the taxi driver, the cashier, or anyone at that. Even if they're males, I keep a friendly conversation.

There is a neighbor that she doesn't like and I can respect that. All the conversations ever were about in the elevator were about the dog that she would take out to walk while I headed to my car. So I avoid talking to her when the time comes up. My GF still doesn't buy it.

In order for her to feel better, she says to give her my account information so she can log in and see my social media. I denied her demand and she says that I'm not offering any solutions. She has full access to my place and can stay as long as she likes. I gave her the invitation to move in a few months ago as well. I have nothing to hide and never will have nothing to hide, but I do not want to give her access to my accounts.

I'm stuck right now and any advice would really help."
relationship_advice "I (26F) have the most untoxic relationship I was ever in with (24M) and because of that I don't know it I was in the right to end it. I met my bf like 2 years ago. He is cute and loyal (as far as I know). 
But he doesn't have much time for me. Partly because he works ALOT. And he has a lot of friends. Especially his close friend group he considers his family. Which I am very happy he has. 

Now this group doesn't like me, doesn't like that he spends time with me instead of them. His friend literally started emotionally blackmailing him when he spends time with me. (Like, he wants to smoke some 🌱 and he doesn't have some, so his friend called him while he was with me and told him to come smoke, he said he is with me and doesn't have time, then his friend said:""too bad, if you don't come right now I don't have time for you today anymore."" Even tho if he wouldn't be with me, he would let him come over all day.) 

We do something like once a month, something Normal like going for a walk or going to eat something. Otherwise he just comes over to spend the night. 

I felt on various occasions that he is preferring his friends over me. Because they smoke and I don't. I don't mind when he doesn't want to spend time with me cause he is exhausted from work I tell him to stay at home, if he wants to go to his friends I tell him to go there. 
Again, they don't like me and I know that. They have told me that they dont like me and I told him, that I don't want to see them and he finally accepted that. 

He does a shit tone of stuff with them and doesn't even ask me cause :""I don't want to be with them anyway."" Which is true. I wouldn't do certain things with them. But the last 2 weeks he told me he doesn't feel good and so we haven't seen each other, even tho he tells me for weeks now that we will go on a nice walk somewhere. And yesterday he told me he will come to me and that he will just ""quickly"" go to his friend. Then I waited for him til 5pm when my grandma asked me to go on a coffee with her. I wrote him that I will go with my grandma and call him when I am home. I was home in like 6,30pm and called him and he told me that he will not visit me til at least 9/10pm. 

I got mad at him since he called me in the morning stating that he is ""on his way, after he visits his friend quick."" And then didn't contact me til 6pm when my grandma asked. I told him I am hurt and that I don't even know when was the last time we did something together and he just said :""I don't know neither I forgot."" I then broke up with him cause I really feel like if I am with him or not I am alone anyway at home. 

This wasn't the first time he preferred his friends over me, literally every single time we do something I have to wait til he spends time with them or I have to not see him at all cause he spends all of his time with them and makes plans with them. While he never makes plans with me and most of the time I don't even feel like he wants to spend time with me. 

This is not my first relationship and this one is so far one of the most untoxic relationships I am in. So I don't know if I am in the wrong."
relationship_advice "My [18M] girlfriend [18F] after trying to break up with me is saying she wants a break. My girlfriend and I have been dating for a little over 4 months. I moved away with my family 3 hours away about a month and a half ago and as expected, it has caused a few problems. This move has screwed my mental health and made me really anxious and borderline depressed. I've been short with my girlfriend recently and honestly haven't really been the best version of myself. I've gotten really anxious and paranoid about the future with her for honestly no good reason. I think I got her thinking about things she didn't really want to be thinking about regarding the future and it's been stressing her out. I have apologized to her and things were going good for a few days. 

Her sister surprised her with tickets to Universal for 2 days ago, February 12th. At first I was a little disappointed because that was the day I was slated to come over. I talked with her about it and pushed my visit back to Monday. While she was at Universal things were going good. I was texting her she seemed good. That took a dramatic turn for the worse that night. She said she had been talking with her sister and her sister's boyfriend and honestly I'm not really sure what they talked about. She did mention she talked about us and that she had been stressed out and felt bad about things she shouldn't. She didn't outright say this but I think her sister might have convinced her to end things between us. I haven't asked her that and I don't plan on it because it doesn't really matter too much. Anyway, that night we sent numerous long texts back and forth about what had been going on between us. Everything between me moving away making things difficult and the fact that both of our mental heaths were not doing very well. Anyway, the last long text she sent was very troubling. She told me to cancel my trip and that she would call me Monday morning. 

She did call me and we talked for a while. While fighting through tears she kept on saying she didn't know what to do and that she didn't know what she wanted. I had figured it out pretty quick and almost said it myself but eventually she said that she wanted space. At first I didn't really know what that meant. Honestly. I didn't know if it was a break or a break up. Eventually she clarified and said that she wanted space for a while so she thought we should break up. She said it was for her mental health and that she had lost herself. It hurt a lot but I didn't fight her or try to change her mind. Just said goodbye. I texted her later and asked what this meant going forward. She said she just wanted to be friends. I told her I couldn't do that. I know that might sound selfish but it would destroy me to be friends with the woman that I still loved. Anyway fast forward a few hours. I'm sitting on the couch staring at the wall and she calls me. Through tears she says that she made a mistake and doesn't want me out of her life right now. She said her depression took over. She said she still wants to take a break but still wants to talk with me. We both agree that we lost something when I moved away and we should take time to focus on that and rekindle our companionship/friendship. I think now we're trying to build something better. I can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing. The way she explained it to me and the way I understand it, it's a good thing. I can't help but think this ""break"" is going to drag out for a long time and things are going to get platonic. Right now, the way the break has been defined, it basically is a platonic relationship. I told her we should be crystal clear with each other and what we want. I asked her if she saw us getting back together romantically and she said she did. She said the break is to rekindle the friendship side of our relationship because we should be friends before anything. That makes sense but I'm really scared she's doing this because I told her it would be hard to ""just be friends"". What do I do?

TL;DR: I recently moved 3 hours away from my girlfriend and the move has made things hard and impacted my mental state. It's affected my girlfriend too and she said she wanted to break up for her mental health and to find herself. She went back on that and said that she wanted to take a break but not in the conventional sense. We are still talking to each other things have just supposedly gone platonic. She says getting back together romantically is the goal but I'm worried I might be getting strung along."
relationship_advice "My Ex(29M) broke up with me(26F) saying: ""I realized that I'm not attracted to you as I want to be"" before moving, and I don't know what to think about it Me and my ex have been in a relationship for a year, which includes \~5 months of LDR. We've been traveling a lot to see each other to try to make things work. The distance is a \~3 hour traveling time through flight.

Last week, he came to my city and stayed for a week for apartment hunting, and we finally found an apartment we both liked. Right before we were to send out the application, he said that this commitment is huge for him and he feels anxious &amp; again is not sure about the decision. He called his parents to ""ask for advice"", and came back saying he doesn't feel comfortable to make the decision rn and need to re-think about moving again. I was pretty upset because he has repeated the same ""giving me expectations and then regretting"" pattern for a few times. But we agreed on keep doing LDR for a while and talk about it later.

Before leaving my city I got pretty upset again saying emotional things like I don't know what's the purpose of repeating this pattern if he can't make his own decisions. He said that he needed some time alone to figure out what he really wants ""in order to be with me"". Then, the next day he gave me a phone call saying that he doesn't want to date me anymore. I asked if it's because he decided he doesn't want to move in the foreseeable future, he said that there's another main reason.

He said: ""I realized that I'm not as attracted to you as I want to"", basically referring to how I look. I'm puzzled and asked what he meant, he said that in terms of appearance, I'm a ""6"", while his ex and one of his female friends are ""9""s for him. I was super confused and asked why he's talking about this appearance/type thing after a whole year of being together, like if you don't think I'm attractive why could you even date me and do all these traveling? He said that he considers me attractive in all other aspects, but how I look like (my face/body type) make it ""incomplete"". And clearly moving away from his home town is too big of a commitment, cost and fear for him to do that for me, so he doesn't want to date me anymore.

He has mentioned in the beginning of our relationship that I am not his usual ""type"", but I  thought our relationship has already far passed that point. It is probably the most hurtful and confusing experience because both of us were putting so much effort into communications and traveling to maintain the relationship. Why does anyone suddenly talks about attractiveness and type after a whole year, when clearly they had a lot of love and seems to be genuinely invested and serious about the relationship?

\---

TLDR; My ex suddenly gave up LDR and broke up with me, saying that he doesn't want to move because I'm not his type and is not attractive enough and he wants to stop dating me, when we're a year in our relationship, right before he's planning to move to my city."
relationship_advice "My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have to break up because he’s depressed, but we still love each other and have to live together. I don’t know if this is the right place to talk about this but I really need to get it out. We were together for almost a year and we both truly love and care for each other. We live together for half a year, and we still do even after the break up because neither of us have a choice. He used to stay in my room and now he’s only staying in his room. We still see each other many times a day and talk normally but it hurts. 

Starting a few weeks before the breakup, he has been more sensitive and emotional about small issues we had, but he’s been suppressing them for me without telling me.  Two weeks ago we had another fight and it completely broke him down. He became extremely depressed and had no hope for himself or the future. He didn’t want to talk to me or be near me. It was difficult for me to understand because I didn’t think our fight was a big issue, but I realized that it was his mental stage. He kept saying sorry and that he can’t fix this because he can’t be who he was or who he’s supposed to be. I was trying to tell him that we can still fix this and be together, but all he wanted was time away from me and to be alone because the thoughts of me hurt him. He said he doesn’t want to lose me and still wants to be friends, but he really can’t be in a relationship with me anymore. I tried my hardest to tell him I’m willing to wait for him to heal but he rejected everything and said nothing will be better we’ll just both be in pain that way. 

I know if this is what he wants I really do have to let go, but deeply I know how much we still love each other and we never wanted this relationship to end and it hurts that it has to end. I can’t move on from this.  Everything reminds me of him and I’m still seeing him in the same place everyday. I know he’s also in pain but he looks so much happier without me around and it hurts. I keep blaming myself for not knowing how depressed he was until it blew up, and I keep questioning why things have to be like this when we were just happy together a few weeks ago. I still hope that he will soon feel better and come back, but he was the one telling me not to wait. It’s so painful and I don’t know how I’m gonna get through this. My heart feels so heavy that can’t even cry. I want to at least be able to accept the situation but I really don’t want this and I still believe that we didn’t have to break up."
relationship_advice "My crush (19F) told me (18M) that she’s not ready for a relationship Me and this girl have been friends for a couple of years now. We both got out of relationships a little while ago. Anyways, these past few weeks we have been texting all day all night, calling alone with each other outside of our friend group and flirting a little. Last night she texted me saying she knows I like her, and that she likes me too, but that she doesn’t want a relationship right now and doesn’t want to flirt anymore because it stresses her out (she says that she can’t handle compliments and romantic interactions since her last relationship). She told me that it might take a year or two for her to want to have a relationship with me if we still feel the same. But she told me that I shouldn’t “hold out for her to get better”. I asked her if she wants to just throw away our feelings for each other and she said “she needs to think about it” but mostly that she needs time for herself and to be friends like we were before. 

I was ready to surprise her today with valentines gifts as well, but now I’m just heartbroken. I’m not sure if I can continue being friends with her after this because I’m too romantically attached. I don’t know what to do"
relationship_advice "I (26F) got told by my boyfriend (27M) that I was gaslighting TL;DR - Boyfriend and I ended up staying late at a friend's house and I said he could have decided to leave whenever he wanted to because he is the driver, and I was told I was gaslighting.

The other night, my boyfriend and I went to a friend's place to play a board game with a few of our friends. We ended up staying until a little past midnight since the game ended around 11:30. I wanted to leave because I work early. I knew he was tired so assumed he would want to leave after the game was done, but he didn't make any moves to leave and eventually started falling asleep so I had to ask if he wanted to leave. Then on our way back home I said it's basically a rule/ up to him when to leave after the game is done because he is driving. Proceeded to tell me I was gaslighting him in a really grumpy tone after telling me it's my fault we didn't leave early. We've been dating for about 4 months now and he's been really nice, but I don't understand what this behavior is. How should I approach this conversation with him. He clearly hurt my feelings and I'm not sure if this is going to be a continuous pattern here where it's my fault we didn't leave early.

Edit: He was the one that wanted to leave early. I didn't care when we left and if it really bothered me I would have taken a ride share if he wanted to stay. He was upset I didn't give him an excuse to leave earlier because I didn't say anything."
relationship_advice "I need advice. I f26 am very insecure regarding my boyfriend M27 I have been struggling with insecurities for the first time in my life. I am 26 and my boyfriend is 27. We’ve been dating for 6 months and already live together. I am experiencing nightmares about him cheating on me, intrusive thoughts about cheating and an over all jealous mindset when it comes to him. I have been open about my insecurities with him and he tries to reassure me. I still can’t shake it off. I think the way we met is what is leading to these insecurities. We met at work when we were both In serious relationships. We connected instantly and became very good friends. His partner at the time used to check his phone so we could only text during work hours. We often hung out in groups with coworkers. I think we both knew that our connection was growing but we never crossed the line. A few months later I broke up with my boyfriend and a month later he broke up with his gf. Within weeks we got together. The relationship is great and we are doing really well. the only issue we have is our insecurities. He has similar issues as well. I am to the point where I think about him cheating on me constantly, if he is texting I am constantly wanting to know who he is texting. I have an urge to check his phone but haven’t because I really respect his privacy and I don’t want to become controlling. I also have thoughts of sabotaging the relationship to get rid of these negative thoughts and feelings. I love him so much and he is so good to me. He is the man of my dreams. At the same time I feel scared to lose him or to be cheated on. I am desperately looking for advice ! How do I get rid of these insecurities ?"
relationship_advice "Why can’t I be happy with my relationship M19 F20 I’m 19 and Male, for the first time in my life I’ve got a girl who’s genuinely into me, and I’ve reciprocated this interest. But I can’t escape this fog in my mind that I’m not comfortable.

I’m into this girl despite minute pet peeves but I can’t decide If this true lily what I want or if I’m not true Loy attracted and this experience is just new. 

I know Reddit isn’t gonna solve my issues directly but I just want some clarity for my irrationality, Thank you."
relationship_advice "need some pep talk about me (29F) and my ex/friend (32M) situation Long story short - we sort of used to date, it went bad since he sometimes went days without answering me, insulted me, I started to freak out, he said he doesn't have feelings etc. A mess.

I had worked on myself for a couple of years, contacted him to apologize for my behavior since I was also not right. I had mental health issues and was suicidal. 

We started talking again last year, at first it was quiet and he was in relationship but after he wasn't anymore, we texted a lot, exchanged steamy photos and texts, met a few times, kissed, had sex. It was great but now he's again for the last 2-3 months acting like I don't exist. Ignoring my every message basically. I have asked why is he doing this, still nothing. I had enough today, he never invited me there, maybe I'm overthinking but I'm not even sure if he was single then or just cheated on his gf. What hurts me is that I genuinely care about him and his wellbeing while he doesn't give a shh. It just hurts and I don't want it to hurt anymore.  

I don't want him back or anything, I just need some pep talk to feel a bit better. Thanks!"
relationship_advice "My [26M] LDR with my girlfriend [24F] is getting more LDR Hello, so my girlfriend is moving even further away. We've been dating 8 months (long distance the whole time, we try to visit each other once a month), I met her in New York on a business trip, we hit it off, hooked up. It was a bit rocky to start off with (she originally said she would never seriously date me, I have issues etc etc). I live in Canada, she lives in New York but is originally from abroad. She want to move back to her home country to be with family/she's just over NYC now.

She doesn't know whether it'll be in July this year or next year, but we do know she is moving back home in the next 18 months.
This news makes it hard for me because I feel a bit anxious about the nature of our relationship. I find myself asking questions like ""am I just a placeholder"" ""am I wasting my time"" ""why am I sitting in a ticking time bomb"". 

My girlfriend is lovely, but outside of our direct conversations about the situation (how are grad school applications going, when do you plan to move etc) she continues to act like everything is completely fine and says things to me about being together forever. She wants to move permanently and have a life in her home country (marriage, kids etc etc), l've made it very clear I think Canada is my home and I want to spend the bulk of my life living here. That's usually as far as the conversation goes.

My girlfriend is pretty avoidant (her words not mine), as the relationship gets more and more limited in nature she actually gets more invested in me. But she will also tell me things like ""I don't think I should settle down because of a relationship"".

I think I understand the relationship is bound to end, but I don't know how to have a conversation about how we want to end things (do we break up now? In July? Does she move where I am for a year and then we break up then?).

How do I navigate this?

TLDR my LDR is getting more long distance and my girlfriend won't acknowledge it, I'm stressed and anxious."
relationship_advice "Me (24M) and my girlfriend (26F) have decided to take a communication break. But it’s Valentine’s Day. My girlfriend and I decided to take a communication break on Sunday. There were troubles in the relationship which I believe are caused by her new job, which happened 2 months ago. She wanted to have a communication break (we didn’t decide how long) to see if she could work on things and manage stress better and therefore treat me the way i deserve to be treated. I was reluctant but I really want this to work so I decided I would give her space. We had an extremely sad last day together Sunday but it included laughs and tears and ended with a “this isn’t goodbye, I love you”. I really care about this girl and I want things to work. The problem is it is now only Tuesday, 2 days later and it’s Valentine’s Day. I want nothing more than to text her and say I’m thinking about her. But I’m worried this won’t help anything. Does anyone have any advice as to how I should proceed. Thanks."
relationship_advice "Someone I don’t know messaged me (F 27) on instagram saying that my boyfriend (M 27) is cheating on me Before she messaged, I saw that she viewed my previous stories. I checked her profile and my bf is following her.. Minutes passed after I posted my valentines story, I saw her message about the cheating. I checked again her profile and saw that my bf was not following her anymore.. I asked my bf about this and he said he unfollowed a bunch of people, because we were just talking about him unfollowing girls on instagram earlier. Feels a bit weird but it might be a coincidence?

So she sent me a message telling me that “I know you don’t want to hear this, but your boyfriend is cheating on you and if I was on your place I would want to know”

It was very vague, I mean no other specific info (like cheated with who, where, when, etc). I’m not sure if I need to reply or not. I trust my boyfriend, but this was really weird.

I asked my boyfriend about this and if he’s cheating on me. He said he’s not cheating.

We were just talking about cheating earlier this week (because his friend was caught cheating on his wife, but the wife forgave). I told him I don’t wanna experience to be cheated on. I asked him about his views about cheating and he told me that he thinks it’s childish like if you don’t love your partner anymore should tell them.


I just want to hear other people’s opinions..

—
Other info:
We are dating for 5months and been planning to move together next month."
relationship_advice "Issues with my (26m) partner (25f) I’m (26m) pretty sure my incapability in letting go of the past is killing my relationship 
I’ve been cheated on more times than I can count on one hand and have been begged to stay with her (25F)

I do everything I can to try and forgive and forget for the sake of our two kids, but it sits on my shoulders like nothing else I’ve ever experienced. 
I want to make this work with my partner, I’m not sure if it’s even possible when I know she’s interested in opening up the relationship and I’m basically Catholic. 
Any self esteem I had, has been completely stomped out. I doubt I’ll ever be able to feel like enough for her again. 

I fear I’m becoming extremely controlling, toxic and straight up a bad partner, how in the hell do I get through this part of our relationship or what do I do
Is it even possible to come back from this kind of thing?"
relationship_advice "18F dating old friends ex 18M dating old friends ex

started my first ever relationship and its with my friends ex, but she was just in our friend group and i was never that close to her so is it still wrong? also i dont speak to her anymore havent spoken to her for months

i didnt know that it was an unwritten rule to not date friends ex's"
relationship_advice "When did you know it wasn't going to work? 28F 29M For those of you who've left or had the opportunity to repair a relationship but chose not to, when did you realise that it wasn't going to work? 
Is love enough or can incompatability overwhelm it?"
relationship_advice "Giving my bf (30m and I’m 30f) another chance after sexting a sex worker. I discovered that my bf was sending money to a sex worker. They never met up, just sexting. He’s says he’s really sorry and is terrible for doing so. I got really mad at him and having a hard time learning to trust again. 

It’s probably stupid that I’m giving him another chance but I want to. What I want to know, is how to trust and build a relationship after this. 

I want to hear from the guys, girls, and everyone in-between. I just feel angry, sad, and lost right now.

What would you do?"
relationship_advice "A friend (f30) of my (m28) close friend/business partner f(25) tried to get my cf/bp to hook up with me and I'm finding it hard to Tldr available on he bottom

Context: Me and my close friend/business partner (f25) ,let's call her Amanda, have been good friends for the past 3 years and started a business together less then a year ago. The business started in a very organic way and ever since it started we became a lot closer friends because of the amount of time spent together. Our friendship is going smooth and the way we work together is even better. The business is been going very well from the get go and we are both highly ambitious individuals that have ambitious goals for the company.

Amanda is also Bi but way more skewed towards lesbian. Also important to add that Amanda is in the process of learning to put boundaries with individuals.

Now let me provide context on Amanda's new friend (f30) let's call her jessica. Jessica is an old acquaintance of mine but a new friend to Amanda. Very kind and sweet individual but also one that doesn't understand boundaries. Also, Jessica is straight.

Amanda and Jessica met at an event a few months back. They connected but they never hung out or did anything together. 

A week ago Amanda and I had a business trip to a neighboring state which many people in my state go to for the weekend. Apparently a day or two before our trip, Amanda and Jessica reconnected and we're talking on the phone, where Amanda was explaining to Jessica about this expo that we were going to and how amazing it was going to be. According to Amanda, Jessica spontaneously decided she will be joining this trip.

Amanda being Amanda did not know how to say no, or place any boundaries with regards to our work trip. She mentions the new addition to the trip a day before we fly and I call Amanda out about this. But anyways the damage has been done and Jessica tags along. 

During the trip, I was an asshole to Jessica. Not in a rude way, but just being dry and not the usally friendly or warm version of mysf. Asshole move, but Jessica really gets the worst out of me. No excuse.

Despite the few minor hiccups, as with any trip, trip was successful in terms of business and fun.

After the trip, Jessica had been very interactive with me in social media (sending me posts and msgs) and I havent been responsive due to being busy. 

Anyways, two days after the trip, she sent me a message along the lines of 'while you were being an asshole to me, I was trying to get Amanda to hook up with you. That I was telling Amanda that you are a great guy and if she ever wanted to experiment or switch sides she should do it with you because u r kind and y'all have so much chemistry.' 

Now, given the fact that I've lost a few close friendship with females due to them confessing their feelings to me, this triggered me and brought up past trauma. 

I called her out and told her not to intervene in our people's life and relationships especially ones that don't enolve hers. Who the duck she thinks she is entitled to integect meddle with other peoples. That that shit is manipulative.

I shared a screenshot to Amanda. We discussed the situation and she told me that Jessica was asking her questions about what she would feel like if I'm in a relationship (currently single for the past 6 months). Jessica would highly praise me and all that BS. Amanda told me not to share this information in my response to Jessica and that she needs to take a few days to formalize a response.

Jessica then replies that she didn't mean it like that and her intention was not to be manipulative and that she never pushed on anything and only mentioned to Amanda that I'm a nice guy. That she will respect my boundary and will try to understand my perspective. And that she will work on herself and that she values me alot.


Now here is were I want some advice.

I am finding it hard to word a response to Jessica, who is a very sensitive person,  in a way that is direct and not harsh. I want to make it clear to Jessica that regardless of intention, meddling with people's life is manipulative and that I don't accept her appology nor do I condone her actions and that I'm not interested in maintaining any sort of friendship with Jessica. 

Another thing I need advice in is how can I make it clear to Amanda that Jessica , despite her being a nice person and very positive (overly positive) is not healthy to have around. I question if it's in my place to intervene within Amanda and Jessica's relationship and give my piece of mind about their friendship. It's feel hypocritical to intervene, but since I feel like I'm a person who knows how to place boundaries and can see red flags and Amanda doesmt, sometimes I feel the need to give advice.

(TLDR: a new friend (f30) to my close friend and business partner(f25) been trying to get her to hookup with me and need advice as to tell new friend to get out of my life)"
relationship_advice "How should I (M30) handle this situation with my dad (M48)?  

My parents had me when they were young (dad was 18, mom was 16). They were married but divorced when I was 3. Mom was a druggie, dad was a drinker and liked to party.

They shared custody of me, but I primarily liked to stay with my mom because my dad and his friends were fucking mean. When it was just my dad and I, things were pretty... alright. He's not violent, never has been. But, when it was my dad and his friends, dad would go with the flow. If his friends were nice to me, he was nice to me. If his friends were shitty towards me, he laughed right along with them. From ages 3-12, I was almost afraid to be at my dads over the weekend.

There was one friend that I dreaded more than all the others, Rob. Rob was fucking evil, not just to me, but everything. Bob was/is the kinda guy who would torture cats by throwing them in the washing machine for fun. He would go shooting with dad and I, but only if he was allowed to shoot the turtles at the river. My first kitten was dyed fucking green because of this prick. He always found fun in insulting and bullying me in front of anyone, including my dad. Dad never did ANYTHING to stop any of it.

Around the time I turned 15, I had started to realize how shitty things were with my mom, so I moved in with my Dad. He had recently met someone and fallen in love with her. She was pretty great to me and calmed my dad down a bit as well. By the time I moved in, Rob didn't really come around anymore. We live in a VERY small town, so Rob was ""around"" but he didn't stop by our house as much(if at all).

Over the next 3 years, things got significantly better between my Dad and I. Things weren't perfect, but they were good. One thing that always got me was, at different parties/outings, Bobs name would get brought up by some of my Dads friends. They would say things like ""Rob was over and saying things like he wanted to hunt your son down to beat his ass"" or ""Rob was saying really sketchy stuff about your son the other day"". I would always ask my dad if he was going to do anything about it and he always blew it off. We had multiple arguments on the subject.

Rob never did make good on his claims, but my dad never did anything either. Because of this(and a few other things), when I was 18, I moved out and almost completely stopped talking to my dad.

After a few years, we started talking again. My dad and (now) stepmom would invite my wife and I out for different outings, and when we went, things were great. Our relationship has grown stronger ever since.

Fast forward to last week. I'm now 30 and my dad and I have a great relationship. Out of the blue, one of my friends brought up something related to Rob and I thought ""enough time has passed, I should ask my Dad why he never said or did anything about Rob"".

I now live several hours away and we primarily connect playing PC games in the evenings. We were playing some PC games together a couple of days ago, talking over discord, and I asked ""hey, what ever happened with Rob? do you ever even talk to him anymore?""

He said ""That POS?! absolutely not! I haven't talked to him for over a decade. He actually tried to hit on your stepmom at a party way back when. When I confronted him about it, he neither confirmed nor denied it. He hasn't been by since.""

This happened when I was still living with them and I hadn't heard anything about it. I replied ""oh dang! Did you ever say anything to him about all the crap he used to say about me?""

His response absolutely murdered me. He said ""What crap did he say about you?!""

When I tried to refresh his memory, he literally couldn't remember any of it. After all the arguments we had about it, over the course of 3 or more years, he'd just forgotten that his ""friend"" had violently threatened his son, so many times that his other friends thought it was important enough to bring up. The only thing he cared about was that my stepmom got hit-on and turned Rob down.

I was pretty upset(still am), but all I said was ""damn, I wish you'd said something to him"" He agreed and said he wished he had too. But that was it. I let it go for the night and we continued playing games. We haven't talked since.

In a couple of weeks, my dad is going to drive out to my daughters 1st birthday. Should I bring it up again? Should I tell him to fuck off? Should I just let it go? Every time I try to think through it my brain is just like ""okay.... WTF are we trying to process here?"""
relationship_advice "I (20F) Constantly suffer from my boyfriends (22M) ""Ape Mode"" when I disagree with him. My boyfriend of 3 months. Whenever I disagree with him. Goes completely ballistic in what he calls, ""Ape Mode"" and trashes everything In sight with no regards for anyone. This has been extremely annoying and also even dangerous sometimes when he slapped a random man that was just walking on the street when he went ballistic. He always says he is sorry afterwards but I don't know if this relationship could be saved since I still love him very much. Has anyone else ever experienced this?"
relationship_advice "My (18F) bf (22M) says I’m disrespectful for not doing what he wants So my boyfriend’s definition of respect is that if he doesn’t like something I shouldn’t do it. I agree to a certain extent but when these things don’t affect him or our relationship, I don’t get why he thinks he has a word on it?

He has been talking to a girl during our relationship, and this girls dislikes me. She called me a witch and doesn’t refer to me as my boyfriend’s girlfriend. My boyfriend never defended me and it hurts. Recently we broke up and he went to have sex with her. Then he told me he went to have sex with her because I had gotten in contact with a male friend of mine (he stalked an astrology app and saw I added him). This guy is a friend to me and has a girlfriend, our relationship was never more than that. I just don’t see how it’s justifiable.

I also learned that his only girl friend had asked him to fuck. Plain out. And he never stopped being friends with her, no matter how disrespectful it is to me.

He excuses this behaviour and blames me by saying that I never respected him so why would he respect me. The disrespect he accuses me of is posting normal pictures of me on my snapchat and saying thank you when people compliment me. And also wanting to keep my 4 childhood male friends. So I ask him, logically how is that even disrespectful? Me and my friends don’t flirt, don’t talk on a regular basis and they respect our relationship. How is it disrespectful if I stop at saying thank you and never entertain any further conversation with these men?

He keeps saying i’m ALWAYS disrespecting him, so yesterday I asked him, if i’m always disrespecting you, why do I stop any situation before they actually become disrespectful? Thing he never did. He couldn’t answer. Just called me a hoe and said he could never be with a hoe like me. It truly hurts me because he’s the only man who ever touched me, so he knows it hurts. 

My question is that he wants us to be together and he keeps saying that none of this would have happened if I « just listened to him » since the beginning. But I feel like what he is asking is unfair and that I didn’t deserve his behaviour. Nonetheless I want to be with him, I truly do. Has anyone been in a similar situation before? I just want to be able to live life normally…

I’m just worried his expectations will get worse as they’re already very unreasonable and the fact he so willingly hurt me because he thought I deserved it when I didn’t ever do anything to hurt him makes me double think.

TLDR: My boyfriend says I’m disrespectful for posting snaps of me and wanting to keep my childhood male friends. To give me what i deserve he stays friends with a girl who wants to fuck him and also fucks a girl that insulted me and he never defended me. He claims he will be a better partner if I just do what he asks, should I do it or will I end up even more miserable?"
relationship_advice "Did I (25NB) fall out of love of my BF (28M) in the span of a week? Hey everyone, I'm really stressed and confused. My boyfriend (28M) and I (25NB) have been friends for 3y, used to be friends with benefits and eventually officially got together back in November. He always knew I wanted to leave and travel abroad so our relationship wouldn't last. The thing is, our relationship was so good for us and healthy that I started considering moving in together, and I would still travel a few days regularly instead of completely leaving the country. I thought I could finally feel at home somewhere. 

I left for a month to work in another country and during the first three weeks I really missed him and longed for our life together. I was almost certain I wanted to move in with him once I got back. But then he came to visit for three days... at first I was very happy to see him but somehow it made me uncomfortable to see him interact with the friends I had made there and I was annoyed that he didn't try to do his own things while I was working. But I still felt in love when he left after three days.

I myself came back a week ago and... he gives me the ick. I don't know why. I still want to spend a lot of time with him but every time we interact romantically I just cringe so hard. Like when he strokes my hair, cuddles me, says sweet things, I almost physically recoil. I also see all his flaws, I knew them already but I accepted them, and now they annoy me so bad. I'm terrified because all the love I had for him seems to have vanished in a week. How does that happen? He's an amazing person and he finally made me want to settle somewhere and try to be happy. But after my last week abroad I can barely meet his eyes and I want to leave the country again. I refuse to give up so easily on what we had, I want to want all these things with him again, moving together, living together... How can I get my lost feelings back? Or at least understand what happened... Thank you"
relationship_advice "i 20M just got rejected 24F Im feeling terrible idk how i am gonna sleep tonight 

It wasent a bad rejection we still feeling comfortable to stay friends but im still really sad about it

I would love some advice to idk cope a bit"
relationship_advice "Is our relationship over? Me (35F), Him (45M) We've known each other for 5 years, we initially dated but I broke up with him due to the distance. I tried to get back together but he's been telling me I need to change for the last 4 years now. I've been doing everything I can but it never seems to be enough. 
Recently he wanted to start dating other people and I'm really opposed to it, and he said we would get back together if I ""changed"" in a month.

However I found out that he's been asking other women out on dates and that just really devastated me because I thought we were getting back together. 

I'm considering cutting things off all together, is this the right decision or is there something still there?

Thanks for all your advice in advance."
relationship_advice "My boyfriend [20m] wants to leave the country and I [19f] can’t go with him My boyfriend and I have been dating for almost a year now and I feel like he is the one. We’re still quite young (19f &amp; 20m). He works so hard but his pay in no way matches the amount of work he does and he’s definitely so undervalued. We live in NZ and many people move over to Australia as their workers get paid much more and treated way better. His sister moved over there a decade ago for the same reason and she’s thriving now with her own home and business. He wants to do the same and I don’t blame him. I want him to be happy and I’ve seen how depressed he’s been these past few months and I think he’s just finally exhausted. We’ve had a brief conversation about it and he’s asked me if we’d still be together by the time I finish by degree (3-5 years). I of course hope we would be but you never know right? He says that if we weren’t together he’d be so gutted and have stayed here for no reason which I can understand. I don’t want our relationship to hold him back. I love him and only want the best for him. I’ve just been spiralling in the past hour since our conversation and am heartbroken to even imagine my life without him. It’s out of the question for me to move with him though, my family, friends and university is here and I love my life here. Right now I’m at the standpoint that I’d want to support him and encourage and help him as much as possible but I would love an unbiased opinion on the situation."
relationship_advice "Help [18M] break up with [18F] in a nice way I [18M] have been dating this girl [18F] for 2 months now. Its my first real relationship that started off right. She was interested in me much longer than I was, and I responded with interest. The last two months have been nice, but deep down ive known for a long time that I wasnt as interested as she was. I think I respoded how I did because I was ready for my first relationship, ans was happy to have someone who cared about me and to have someone to care about. But recently I've increasingly been feeling like i need to end the relationship on good terms. Shes a great person and very beautiful and smart, but genuinely not my type. I know there are many options for her, but I just want to be friends. Theres a very real chance Ill regret it, but I dont want to waste either of our time., I figured id ask reddit, but im gonna be making the best decision I can. Thanks!

Update
We broke up on really good terms."
relationship_advice "my (19f) bf (19m) isn’t affectionate me and my boyfriend have been together for a couple years and been through a lot together. 
since we started dating so young, we’ve both had to learn along the way how to be in a relationship. i’ve noticed the past couple of months that he doesn’t really give me any affection. he’s never been a big touchy guy but i keep telling him i’d really like it if he would show me more affection. i do basically everything for him. he doesn’t have a place to live in close to where we go to school so he uses my place to cook, hang out, and basically everything. i’m always really affectionate, paying for things, kind, and so all i really ask of him is for him to at least show me that he loves me. he always responds with “you’re just not my priority right now (because he’s focused on his future or something)” but i’ve been a full time student with my own business and going to the gym and I still prioritize him. I told him this, and I told him that because of all things considered I don’t understand his reasoning. 
I asked him, “do you even know if you want me in your life?” and he didn’t answer, and then just said i don’t know.
this isn’t the first time he’s gotten like this. 
i don’t know what to do, and aside from this we have a pretty good relationship. is this something that i should walk away from or something worth fighting for?"
relationship_advice "I think I (23F) may be falling out of love or already fell out of love with my SO (23M) Hey guys;

I want input on how you knew the realtionship was over, or that you fell out of love. I’ve been with my SO for 6.5 years and after the last big argument we had, I don’t think I’ll ever be able to love him, see him, or trust him the same way."
relationship_advice "I (21M) have been friend with a girl (18F) who likes me but has a bf , should I make the first move ? So  I’ve been friend with this girl for a couple months , I knew right away that she had a boyfriend for 7 months but until a couple of weeks a go , she told her friend who happen to be my friend that she had thoughts about me (we all work together that’s why).
But when she’s with me I dont see any flirting or mixed signals , I mean we hang out a lot and most of the time It be just me and her and we kinda having  good time together . The only  suspect thing is that she complains about her bf to me all the time and hides the fact that I’m with her sometimes to her bf.
I’m starting to get feelings for this girl but I don’t wanna make any tough move so I dont loose her or make it awkward. Do u think she could leave him for me or is she waiting for me to make the first move ?"
relationship_advice "my (24f) best friend(28f) is threatening to cut me off if I keep dating one of her guy friends (25m) I met this guy through work, and over a year after he left my workplace, he contacted me through instagram and asked to meet and catch up. I told my best friend this, and she learned that he was interested in getting to know me and dating me. 

She seemed very excited and supportive of this, though she did tell me he asked her out 5 months before we started talking, but she rejected him. My friend made it seem like she really wanted us to start dating. 

We hung out 3 times and really hit it off. I told her that I was genuinely interested in him and suddenly she said if we continue to date then she will have to cut us both out of her life, as the idea of us dating would, in her words, ""disgust"" her since he asked her out first. 

I also found out through him that after our third date, she invited him to go somewhere together and cancelled our plans to do so. She never said a single word about this to me, and she knew I really liked him.

I am frustrated that she jumped immediately to cutting me off, and that she wanted to hang out with him behind my back. This situation has gotten too messy and I went into it with pure intentions so I'm not sure what to do. 

TL;DR: friend was initially supportive of me dating her guy friend, but suddenly threatened to cut me off because he asked her out several months before we started dating, even though she rejected him."
relationship_advice "[27M, 21F — 2 months] Artists, parents, anyone black .. I want to do the right thing .. any advice? 
Yeah so .. basically .. I’m an artist .. I started making music as a joke when I was like 16 .. im 27 now .. and I’m tryna pursue it seriously .. not sure if I’ve made any real progress cause I have no exposure .. I’ve been generally inconsistent in terms of marketing myself and holding an audience .. I started drawing and doing some flash animations in the past few years .. a little modeling here and there .. long story short .. I feel inconsistent ..

I have $6 to my name right now. Actually less .. I bought an energy drink ..

I’m at the hospital with my babymama right now. I met her 2 months ago and got her pregnant the first time we had sex .. i cheated on my gf to have sex with this girl .. now she’s pregnant. 😬

Im in the hospital w her cause on Sunday around 6pm .. we got in a car accident leaving the mall on the way to the movies. I was at the mall cause my laptop that I make music on wouldn’t turn on that morning .. still won’t .. all my new stuff is on there aside from some files on my phone.

We got in a minor disagreement while getting some pretzels at the mall .. she had bought baby clothes while I was in the bathroom .. I had no real
Issue with that .. but while eating she was asking me to fix a string on the baby clothes .. for this baby that’s not even born yet.

So I said to her .. “ I wanna focus on us having a relationship instead of being concerned about this baby right now ..”  .. I didn’t think that was a lot to ask .. considering the baby is unborn !! But she kinda blew it outta proportion and I got upset because of that.

My laptop turned out to be unrepairable and I was already pissed. We had been drinking also .. kinda a mutual decision .. not good for a baby .. I know ..

So on the way to the movies .. my attempt at reconciliation.. we argued more .. she tried to get outta the car .. saying “i don’t need you” and “ you don’t run shit” things like that ..

That sent me.. so I pulled her back in the car and turned the music up. She hit my radio, put music on her phone and put it to her ear .. that sent me too .. so I snatched her phone and put it under my seat.

At this point .. we are fighting while driving .. the car is going all over the place .. I hardly remember what’s happening .. she is holding my hair .. I’m holding hers .. idk what’s happening anymore .. I should have pulled over .. but I didn’t.

Next thing I know .. we’re swerving past stuff in the road , I hit a curb .. then hit a city pole!!

The car flipped twice ..

I’m unscathed aside from a couple scratches ..

She broke her leg in 3 places ..

So here I am in the hospital.

Just tryna be here 4 her .. and also ..

Tryna figure out where2 go from here ..

Sorry that was so much.

I’ll stop there..

Be kind w/ your response, please.

I don’t need 2 hear that I’m a dumbass or to just deal w/ it .. That’s not advice lol.

Also .. she is 21 and I am 27.
She refuses an abortion or adoption as of now .. when I mention it she just ignores and shuts me down. 

I don’t want 2 lose my dream to this..

I’m willing to listen now."
relationship_advice "My ex (20f) who is my bsf blocked me (20m) over something and i cant live with this reality. To summarize, my ex (20f) and i (20m) were dating since 2022 july to 2023 jan. The breakup ended because she was acting unfaithful and broke my trust, but we decided to stay friends because before we were together, we have been friends since childhood. The oldest picture of us together is grade 1. 

But pretty much, as exs, we stayed close, we would sometimes flirt, we would joke, we didn't unadd each other on anything. We even went to the club for a birthday party on Feb 11th and made out, said we miss each other, we love each other, even called each other babe and baby (which i know is bad). 

Anyways, an incident happened that made her block me on EVERYTHING. Pretty much, while we were together, she told me a secret about one of our coworkers and told me not to tell anyone. This was sometime in December. Anyway, around 2 weeks ago, i told my best friend who also is a coworker and he told someone else which lead back to my ex. My ex found out and got so mad at me. She told me she can never trust me ever again, she hates my guts, never wants to see me again, all that stuff. 

Now her life and trust have always been bad, being kicked out of her house at 16, a lot of bad relationships, rumours spreading in highschool which led to her being kinda hated on. Its bad, and i will say that in highschool, i did not defend her when those rumours came out and i was someone she couldn't trust, but she regained that trust later with me. 

Anyways, she told me that i am the same person as i am in highschool, that i am a dumbass, inconsiderate, all that stuff. She blocked me on everything including my number. Which all hit me like a fucking truck. Later that same day, she unblocked my number to tell me she hates me, to pretty much talk again. I poured out my heart how i cant lose her and how i want a 2nd chance. She really doesn't want to give me a second chance.   
I thought it was over from then.   
Then the next day, Feb 13th, she msgd me if i could drop her off from school to her home (we go to the same university). I said sure, in hopes that we can talk about stuff. Well when it came to that time, we didn't really talk, she still said she hates me, cant trust me with anything ever, i wanted to speak but she said no because shes annoyed. She fell asleep in the car and that was it. When i got to her house i told her i still have her groceries she left at my house and some ikea returns in my car, and she said ok just do it all another day. 

As of right now, i apologized to the girl that the secret was about, and showed it to my ex, my ex said ""thank you for doing that, i still hate you"". And that was the last convo. 

I just cant believe that I can lose someone like this. I really cant lose this person. She knows everything about me, she has seen it all. I really cant live without this friend. I would rather be dead. I have TRIED finding replacements, i have tried in the past making friends like her but i cant. NO ONE comes close, NO ONE. I told myself to give her space and by Friday (feb 17th) i will send a msg., I know i have to see her again bcuz of the stuff i have to give back but idk what to do. I love and care for this person so much, and she knows no one will care for her like i do. How can she just drop me like this, all so quick. I forgave her for her actions during our relationship but she cant forgive this? HOW. I am begging for some help. Please."
relationship_advice "How do I/should I tell his wife? 28F 30M First post 

So I (28F) want to start out by saying that when I met this guy (30M) around 8 months ago), he told me he was single and was looking for a relationship.
1 began dating this guy for around 5 or 6 months, and we hooked up quite a bit. I also want to say that part of the reason that I'm worried about telling his wife is because this man has a job that could make my life difficult if he were to get mad at me.
So we were in a relationship for about 6 months and would spent a lot of time together but I started to notice that he would disappear sometimes for hours or only text late at night on certain days. Last month, I googled his name but changed the city in my google search (I googled him before I went in a date with him) and found out that he's married, and got married less than a year ago and they had just had their first baby a week before.. their child is less than 8 weeks old now. I didn't tell him that I found out that he was married, ljust told him that i wasn't happy with the way things were going and called it off.
Part of me feels like his wife deserves to know, especially considering that I know he's cheated on her with another woman too. I also don't know if I should ruin this woman's family when it just started. I feel terrible about the entire situation even though I didn't know and any advice is appreciated.

Update 

Already posted this once, but last night he messaged me asking if I was awake, and that he had “medical issues” that kept him from trying to “fix things between us” until yesterday/today. I called things off with him as soon as I found out that he was married with a newborn. At the time that we were in a relationship, his wife was pregnant and I ended it about 2 weeks after she gave birth because that’s when I found out the truth. I don’t know what to do now that he’s talking to me again. Like, should I tell his wife and let her come see what’s going on? Or will that backfire on me if she gets angry at me for sleeping with her husband even though he told me he was single and never been married."
relationship_advice "I broke up with my g/f (F27) (M28) cause shes bad with money Me and my ex were talking for 4-5 years and I wanted to make it work. However, she never takes my advice when it comes to finances. She was very persistent about getting married and I told her I'd be more than willing to if she took my advice more. She held me down during a really difficult time (I broke my neck) and I felt the need to show her my appreciation but her constant overspending stressed me out. I decided to pick up an extra job and sell things on the side to pay for dates and things. But she then started to complain I was working too much. I told her again that me trying to build up a fund for us to be good in the event we have kids etc and shes constantly overspending so I have to."
relationship_advice "I(24F) am feeling that my bf (26M) changed on me. I need your advice to guide me.  I’m in a long distance relationship with someone who lives in another country. We got introduced to each other in that specific country and he would leave everyone including his friends, to spend time with me instead, for two months literally all day everyday. 

When I came back to the US, and we tried long distance for the first time, he was very sad for two weeks he would literally sleep and wake up with me on the phone, stay home all day, and cancel all his plans with his friends to spend time with me on the phone instead. 

Month after, he started hanging out with his friends again like before, he comes home around 6am from his friend’s cafeteria where he would play cards and stuff with them. 

Now of course this change that happened is something I’m not used to because now we are not spending time as we used to before. And when I communicated that with him, he says I’ll come home early today so we talk but still does the same thing over and over again. Today is valentines and he causally said happpy valentines on the phone where I was expecting a thoughtful valentine message from him since we can’t do anything physically together due to long distance. 

I am now connecting things to eachother and over thinking those signs. Is it time for me to distance myself from him? Like maybe not answer his calls for a day or something like that so he feels that he’s losing me and doesn’t take advantage of my presence? Or is this is all in my head and I’m asking for too much?"
relationship_advice "How do I [26M] break up with my girlfriend [29F], who is amazing 
So I (25m) have been in a relationship with my girlfriend (29f) for 4 years. For the most part we have been long distance. She is amazing, loving, cares for me and does everything I ask her for. But I have just lost feelings for her. I still care for her a lot for her, but I don’t feel stuff. I have tried to break up with her a few times, but she starts crying, and I can’t take it and vuss out and continue. She is amazing, but I feel like if I break up with her, I would have wasted those 4 years of her, she could have invested on someone else. I feel bad about that. 
I am not interested in anyone or done anything related to infidelity. I just have lost feelings for her.
Should I just continue on and be with her for the rest of the life? Or should I break up? I don’t know what to do. 
I don’t know how to break up where she understands that it was not my intention to break up or fall out of love, but it just happened. 

What should I do?"
relationship_advice "How do I (30f) bring up my concerns around communication with bf (31m)? 
How does one bring up concerns around communication when communication is the issue? I’m very good at communicating and would generally just say “hey, I’m worried about how we don’t resolve arguments” or whatever but that leads to him shutting down and not talking. When we have serious conversations, he will sit in silence and listen to me and then when it’s his time to talk or say whats on his mind, he sits in silence. I tell him I’ll wait and I know it’s difficult but I normally wait about 1 or 1 and a half hours in silence. Then I forget what I was saying and he does too and we don’t resolve anything and tensions remain high. Sometimes he is able to say a few lines but he normally just cries and sits there. I know he is trying but it just seems weird to me. I don’t get why we just can’t talk. We have a long break coming up where he’s going around the world for military reasons and I’m worried that the distance will kill us. 

Tldr: how do I talk about communication issues throughout the relationship while dealing with communication issues?"
relationship_advice "My (f25) boyfriend (m26) thinks it’s okay to pick his nose because he has a “nose problem”. So my (f25) bf (m26) got septum surgery for his deviated septum 6 months ago and I was hoping this would help his boogie problem but it hasn’t. He claims he has to use a q tip or his finger to get these “hard boogies”  out. When I call him out he says tissues won’t work. He does this in front of me in the bathroom and in the car and he will ball it up with his fingers and flick it and it grosses me out. He just uses hand sanitizer after if I see him do it. Does he have an excuse since he has “nose problems”?

Tldr: my bf says he can’t use a tissue to blow his nose because he has hard boogies from his deviated septum

Edited for grammar"
relationship_advice "What should I do? 41m/37f I (41m) had spent all day at our mutual friends house with my girlfriend (37f) installing fans and light fixtures. We were going home and I mentioned she had been kind of mean and I felt hurt. I wondered why she treated me that way and she got mad and now is saying we are done and that I ruined the day. She has done this many times before and it is a cycle. What does everyone think was I the bad guy for stating my feelings? I love her dearly and her son is like my own. But it hurts that she can turn off her love so easily."
relationship_advice "Need advice for navigating a relationship (or break up) with my [30F] depressed boyfriend [35M] Hi all - I'm looking for people's personal experiences and stories here. Or advice/resources to read if you have it.

I'm seeking professional support for this as well.

My partner has expressed being suicidal to me before and doesn't currently have anything positive in place to help himself manage where his heads at. 
Alcohol and prescription drugs are his escape.

I have my own set of personal problems and negative coping mechanisms. I'm currently on a waitlist for counselling and studying a course on mental health and can feel myself getting 'fed up' with my own depression and anxiety. I'm really keen to get on top of them this year best I can.

So, I'm feeling positive about where I'm at and starting to worry about being dragged down by him. It feels cold saying that, it really does.. in an ideal world he would go on this growing journey with me, so I'd appreciate advice on how to foster that.

I'd also love any advice or thoughts on:
.how to protect myself from feeling resentful about feeling like his carer sometimes.
.can interventions or ultimatums actually work?
.when does helping turn into enabling?"
relationship_advice "My (22F) Dad (61M) send me money at random intervals and the last time we spoke in person I had called the cops on him. I feel like a shit person. I am currently working and studying at the same time. For the good part of the month I am broke. (I am trying to cut some costs but utilities and food still remain expensive).

I come from a broken family and my dad has a very bad temper. Whenever it was not going well with his own business it would usually cause his worst days.

I also have two sisters, a twin and another one, a year younger then me.

When I was 15, my dad had asked my younger sister multiple... MULTIPLE times to set the table. She was too busy texting and ignoring him, as most teenagers do. He finally blew it and threw a mug at her head (late saw she only had a cut on her arm from the shards).

And then the screaming match began.

I, the big sister, wanted to protect her from his temper by shouting for him to stop, after he was done with her he turned to me, screamed some more and forcibly moved me out of his way.

Shaken up with him still going off in the living yelling that we should ""f*** off out of this house"" I grabbed my school bag and ran outside. I called my then BF and his parents told me that this is domestic abuse and I called the cops.

Still very much shaken, I still thought what I did was the right thing. My sisters did not though. They knew we would have to move 5hrs away to go and live with our mom and essentially leave all our friends and BF's behind and they did not want to do it.

Both my sisters then left before the cops even arrived to stay at friend's for the night and left me to sit alone outside our now former house.

When the cops eventually did arrive I had to explain what happened and when they talked to my dad he actually begged them (physically putting his hands together) asking them to take us away. He did not even recognised which one of the twins I was since it was dark outside.

The next day my younger sister and I, accompanied by the police and my then BF's parents, went to collect our things only to find EVERYTHING of ours thrown out onto the  garage floor. He didn't even bother using trash bags and just chucked everything into a heap. Even baby pictures that used to be on the wall.

That was 6 years ago.

My dad and I went no-contact for 4 years after this incident, before he broke the silence by calling me on my 19th birthday. We then remained low contact.

However my dad randomly sends me money. No message or call. Everytime I thought it was a mistake.

Everytime this happens I receive a wave of anxiety. What do I say? Should I call to say thanks? Text? Should I just send it back? What do I say if I send it back or if I don't?

Because I need the money I end up using it but I feel like shit. I do not know how to handle this. Do I just change my account number and disappear? What would you do?

Edit: the reason I think he randomly sends money is because he wants to show me that ""he still misses me"" or that he wants to remind me that ""he still exists"" or he is sending money to my sisters and feels guilty for not sending me anything. I doubt he feels guilty about what happened and wants to reconcile because what i hear from my sisters (who work for him) is that he is still the same."
relationship_advice "My 20F boyfriend 21M is ignoring mule on valentine's Day 
So my boyfriend and I have been dating for two months but we have been best friend for years.
Today is valentine's Day and he didn't text me, call me or anything.
I know he has an important exam next Monday and that he is studying but I feel like he could at least call me.
I texted him but I haven't wished him a happy valentine's Day yet.
Should I just do it or wait for him to do it?
I know I'm probably overthinking it but still"
relationship_advice "my (f23) recent ex (m24) is still trying to contact me I (f23) broke up with my now ex (m24) a little over a month ago. We dated for three years, and it's been the healthiest relationship either of us has been in. However, it became apparent that we didn't have a lot in common, my physical boundaries were being pushed which effected our sex life (usually ending up in him being frustrated and hurt for being turned down frequently), and we just weren't on the same page concerning a few other things. There were some not quite red flags about him that I had pushed off to the side, and as time went on, they began to bother me more and more and I saw his actions for what they were.

As the weeks have passed, it has become very evident that he still emotionally relies on me. He still sends me posts on instagram, and he texts about random things every other day or so, which I know is him just trying to find something to talk to me about. Today, he sends me a text saying he hopes I have a happy valentine's day. I haven't responded because I know it'll just fuel his desire to keep texting me. 

He's told me numerous times that if I ever change my mind or want to get back together, he'd do it in a heartbeat with no resentment. That he's never going to love anyone else the way he loves me. That he doesn't know what to do without me in his life. I know a lot of this is him being hopeful that I'll eventually change my mind and come back to him. I know I never will. I would never be fully happy with the relationship I'd have with him, even if he did change some things. There are things I've learned I'd need in a lasting relationship that he could never give me. 

Anyway, I really just need advice on how to gently tell him to let me go. To give it a rest and not reach out anymore. I don't necessarily want to block him on everything forever, but if I should or have to, I will. I just don't know how to go about doing any of this. Any advice would be really appreciative. If you've made it this far, thanks for listening to the ramble.

TDLR: Broke up with my ex of three years, he still contacts me on a regular basis and I don't know how to tell him to let go. He is still very emotionally attached to me and says he'll take me back in a heartbeat if I changed my mind. Looking for advice on how to ask him to stop/ease up on contacting me."
relationship_advice "Do I (26F) have to have a ""closure talk"" with my ex (25M) when he comes back to my place to gather the rest of his belongings? We had been together for a little over than a year and had been living together for the same duration. We broke up over a huge fight because we simply were not compatible. There was a lot of pent up frustration because we simply couldn't become the people we wanted each other to change into.

Still, I feel deeply hurt by his actions and there's also a lot of frustration there, he feels hurt and is very frustrated also. There's still love there from both ends but we have decided after this big fight that we would not be getting back together because we tend to bring out the worst in each other on bad days, alongside the best in each other on good days. We just wore each other out.

I have seen him twice since the breakup, once when he came back to gather all of his things the day after our fight, and about a week later when he came back to hand me back his copy of the keys to my place. We are and have been no contact besides that. It's been a little over 2 weeks since the breakup. He still has some stuff leftover that he will be returning to collect and is waiting on me to let him know when to do so as I'm currently staying somewhere else for support.

I keep going back and forth between explaining my side to him and to hear his own side but at the same time I feel like I have done my best to communicate how I felt about the things that led to our breakup even before it getting to this point and it has always ended in denial, yelling, swearing from his side and him putting the blame entirely on me. I don't want to have to listen to him tell me all the things that I did wrong, completely obstinate regarding his own mistakes that eventually lead to our breakup.

What I feel like doing is removing our photos from my house before he arrives and just handing him his things and letting him leave, being civil but refusing to initiate or partake in any ""sit-down and talk"". He has stated that he wanted to talk before, but I don't want to hear him out nor call him out on his actions because even though there's still love and pain on both sides, I do not see how this will affect the course of our now non-existing relationship. We both agree it is best we do not proceed, what good will the talk do if one of us walks away having denied what I've said once again? I do not expect this talk to be a wake-up call for him, he needs a therapist for that as there are some deep-rooted issues there. As much as I'd like to be as curt and hurtful as he can be when he thinks I'm wrong, I do not see taking revenge by stooping down to that level to be productive for my own healing. I try not to be a spiteful person, even if they ""deserve it"".

Unsure about how to proceed. Do I remove everything that is a reminder of us from my home before he arrives or let the pictures stay up? Do I let him say what he wants to say and not respond? I feel like if I do that I'd be validating his thoughts about me and basically let him still think that he was not at fault. If I do talk back and point out his wrongdoings, I'll be met with denial yet again and I see no point in that.

Is ""closure talk"" a must? I know I will only have this one opportunity for the talk as we are both too proud to initiate contact after (which is for the best). I know I won't be contacting him after this one last visit is done and over with. I just don't want to regret having not had ""closure"" as I still am feeling a lot of pain. Is getting this pain off my chest really worth it with the aforementioned details, is it a necessary step to move on?"
relationship_advice "My (32f) ex (34m) doesn't think he was leading me on Throwaway for personal/identity reasons


My ex (34m) and I (32f) were together for 6 years. We had a great relationship, but wanted different things with our future and had competing core values. After probably 6 months of discussions and deliberations, we decided to break up last January (2022).

We went NC for probably about 6 months, then he reached out and we slowly started talking again. First every few weeks, then calls about every other week with a few texts in between, and within the past couple months we've been texting daily and talking on the phone (almost every call was at least an hour) at least 2-3 times per week. And 90% of our texts and calls were initiated by him. He would text or call whenever he had something exciting he wanted to tell me about, like how he got an interview with a company he was excited about and then called me immediately after the interview to tell me how it went.

Our conversations weren't romantic or sexual, but also were not casual and platonic. Lots of texts with hearts and smiley/blushing faces and all that. We quickly got back in the habit of leaning on each other for emotional support as if we were still in a relationship. About a month ago he asked me to come visit him (he lives a few states away now). Before making any definite plans, I made sure to ask about if he was dating. I figured he would have told me if he was, and it would have been inappropriate to talk to me as often as he was if he was dating. He told me he had gone on a few dates over the past year, but nothing came of any of them and he was not currently dating. I told him I was asking because if he wanted me to come visit then I wanted to know if he was seeing anyone, and that I would not want to come visit if he was, that it would not be appropriate. He agreed and assured that he was not dating and currently had no intentions of trying to date. So, we made plans for my visit, I booked a plane ticket and everything.

Side note, but important to the story. When we made the plans for me to visit, I asked if I should look into getting a hotel. He immediately said no and that I could stay with him. I asked where I'd sleep, since he's in a small one bedroom apartment, and he said he does have a couch, but I could also sleep in his bed with him if I wanted to.

Well my visit was supposed to be this week, and it is no longer happening. Because last week he called me and told me he met someone he really likes and planned a date with her. That he wanted to let me know before I got there, but that he still wanted me to come visit. I immediately told him that I no longer felt comfortable visiting. Not only because of my own discomfort, but that I didn't want to be involved in a love triangle with his potential new girlfriend. And that it was inappropriate for me to come visit and stay with him if he was dating someone. That it would not be right for him to be trying to stay a relationship with someone else with me coming to visit and stay with him.

He was confused as to why I wouldn't want to visit anymore. I told him not only was it inappropriate for his ex-girlfriend to come stay with him, and SLEEP IN HIS BED WITH HIM, if he was dating anyone, but also that I felt like he was leading me on that this was more than a platonic visit. He had no idea that he was leading me on, and said he thought we were just friends. I asked him if he talks to any of his other friends as often as me, he said no. I asked if he would offer to share his bed with any of his other friends if they came to visit, and he said no. I said that I feel like I was just a placeholder for a relationship until he found someone else he wanted to date. And that he was leaning on me emotionally in the way someone does with their significant other, not friends. He still does not think he was leading me on at all. He said on his side he thought everything was platonic. And that we had deeper and longer conversations just because we know each other so well. And that he offered to share his bed because he felt bad telling me to sleep on the couch and figured it wouldn't be weird since we slept in bed together for years.

He asked if there was anything he could do to still have me come visit. That he could postpone his date or try to explain to her the situation. I said no, and that this situation made me not want to see him anymore. That I still had feelings for him and that I thought he did too, at least it seemed like he did. And that I did not want to visit if he was planning on dating anyone, and that was why I specifically asked about it before planning the trip. And how I told him when I asked that I wouldn't feel comfortable visiting if he was dating anyone. And the fact that he couldn't see that he was leading me on hurts too much. I told him that I needed space, and that I don't know when I'm going to be okay trying to talk to him again. We ended the call with me cancelling my trip (and losing money from the plane ticket not being fully refundable). And with him saying he would give me space and would wait for me to be the one to initiate contact again. But that he cares about me and hopes to hear from me soon. That was a little over a week ago.

I'm just so confused. I feel stupid. I honestly do not feel like I misread anything. I feel like he knows he was leading me on, but is saying he didn't so that he doesn't have to feel guilty. I'm just so hurt by this. It feels like our breakup all over again. And I feel gaslighted and made to feel like I was the one in the wrong. He even went as far as to say that if I was coming there with the intention of something happening between us that that wouldn't have been fair to him and would have made him feel used.

How do I move forward with this? Was I misreading the situation? I truly missed him when we were NC and was happy to have him in my life again. But I don't think I can just be friends with him, I think we have too much history. And now I'm just so hurt and I don't know how to forgive this. But also feel wrong and that maybe there isn't anything to forgive because maybe I was misreading things. I'm just so confused and hurt. Any advice would be appreciated."
relationship_advice "I got into an online relationship that doesn't feel right anymore [18F + 18M] Before you judge me, please read through my explanation. I know it sounds a little weird and dumb, but it's making me feel really lost.

I \[18F\] met a guy \[18M\] online about 5 months ago. We played games together basically everyday and it was really fun, we had a great time. We spoke a lot everyday, even in video calls and stuff. We followed each other on social media and got to know each other's lives and personality. Around 3 weeks ago he asked me if I wanted to get in a relationship with him, online obviously. It's not something either of us ignored in the decision, we got into this knowing full well its not the same as a real relationship and things would feel different.

I truly thought that I had feelings for him, I enjoy his company and I care about him. But its been 3 weeks and it just doesn't feel right. For me now its starting to feel more like a burden, worrying about replying to his good morning and good night texts, making sure to update him on what's going on with my life so he doesn't feel like I abandon him, making time to play games with him etc. I want to stress that he doesn't ask for this stuff or anything, for example, he reassures me a lot saying its totally fine if I don't have time to talk to him some days and he understands, but it still is something I feel like I have to do to maintain the relationship, plus the fact that he texts me a lot and I'm visibly online so I do have to reply. Now, I must admit that I've had these thoughts for a while, realizing that it just doesn't feel right and I'd prefer if we had stayed online friends, but its too late for that. I completely acknowledge that its my fault for accepting his advances and still continuing to 'flirt' and sweet talk him. But I can't ignore his compliments and flirts, I can't just tell him ""I don't"" when he tells me ""I love you"".

Yesterday he told me that ""if things continue this way, maybe I could come visit you in \[country\] :)"". It should've made me happy I guess, but it didn't. It made me anxious, because there's no way I could let him spend so much money on travelling when in reality I don't feel as strongly as he does for me. The thing is, I cant just send him a breakup text. I can't do it, I don't want him to feel sad and angry and like he wasted so much time.

I know I'm in the wrong but I feel lost. Any advice appreciated, but please be kind. I'm a total loser who has never been in a relationship before (i told him this as well) so I really wanted to give this thing a try, even if it was from online. I'm depressed and socially anxious, and I haven't talked to him about my mental illness much. I feel like this plays some part in why I cannot ""Just break up with him"" and why I feel so guilty. Absolutely not trying to defend myself, just explain.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: got into an online relationship but realized it doesn't really feel right for me. Can't find it in me to break up with the person because they care about me a lot."
relationship_advice "Me M27, her F25. First date with friend who indicated she liked me didn't go as I thought it would. I ended things for both our sakes. She won't let go and wants to ""fix it"". Is it possible? *This is a throwaway since I am not yet ready for Ann, my friends and fam to know my thoughts and feelings on this. Some facts and dates are fudged and not all talk was as written, for plausible deniability.*

I know I'll get flak for this but I need to get it off my chest and see if there is any light at the end of the tunnel. 

I've known Ann for a couple of years. We were good friends. Till sometime back I saw her as beautiful, fun and honest. I am a simple, plain vanilla guy. I did have a crush on her at the start but to me she's always been out of my league. I never thought of her as anything but a friend or expected anything else. About a week ago we were talking about life in general and what we want in life partners when she tells me she likes me and would not mind dating me. I was first shocked and then thrilled, all these feelings came flooding.

We agreed to go out on our first date this past Saturday. The date went fine. She told me that she had a great time. As we were driving back I asked if she'd like to come over. She immediately said no. Said she wanted to take it slow. Fair enough, her choice. She went on about how she wanted it to be special, etc. I did hear her out but it made me feel worse. I dropped her off, saw her get to her door from my car and came home.

I was stewing in my thoughts. She has a history of hooking up on her first date. She has told me of a date which didn't go all that well, but she did end up going back to the guy's place. And these were not one night stands. I actually didn't think anything was possible till she said our date went great. After that when she declined it made me feel worthless. I felt as if I was not attractive at all for her. That she went out with me as she was settling for me as a safe option. All that talk of wanting to build a relationship felt fake since that never held her back before. I know she can set one rule for all other guys and a separate one for me. It still hurts. But her rejection... I thought she was into me, her words made it seem like that. Her rejection despite the date going well made me feel she isn't. All those words now seem like lies. Makes me feel shitty, useless and ugly.

Ann messaged me a after I got home checking if I reached home fine. After I said yeah, she went into how rude I was to not walk her to her door and that I was being an asshole because she wouldn't sleep with me on the first date. I told her she was right, that this wouldn't work out, she deserved better, I couldn't see us going back to being friends, wished her well and good night. I muted the phone, watched TV till I fell asleep. I woke up 4 hrs later to ringing doorbell and banging on the door.

Ann had messaged and tried calling me many times and when I didn't answer her calls or messages she came over. I didn't want to talk to her or see her anymore. I asked her to leave but she wouldn't. Ann kept wanting to come in and work things out. So I got mean. I asked her if she still had plans to date others while we'd be going out.  If she had a date lined up anytime soon and if she planned to hook up with him and if it was a first date. She stopped talking and mumbled yes after a while. Three different guys. Earliest was Friday, maybe and all of them were first dates. She was quiet as she answered. I had to pull this out of her. 

I had my answer and asked her to leave. I let it all out as calmly as I could. I told her I couldn't be with someone who pretends to like me when in fact she sees me as a safe option. I told her I felt like she doesn't value me. I told her it would have been fine if she'd been honest about settling for me from the start. (Honestly I would've been) I told her I hated that she pretended to be lovey-dovey when she isn't even attracted to me. I didn't get her answer because I started to tear up and shut the door. I hated for her to see me crying. She knocked for bit and left soon after.

My phone and DMs have been blowing up since then. Her, her roommates (I'd become friendly with them too), her friends, other mutual friends. She wants to talk and work things out. That I misunderstood. Others are telling me I am being a jerk, that she didn't owe me sex ever and I had no right to go off on her because I was hoping for more. That I am throwing a good thing away and should work it out with her. 

I don't know. I don't see anyway to fix this. She did not have to hookup with me on the first date. She doesn't have to justify it. I didn't push for it. I don't owe her a relationship or friendship. I got disappointed, I got hurt, I expressed myself and I ended things. Most of you will say she dodged a bullet. I don't think I did anything wrong.

Ann sent me flowers, chocolate cake and a letter today. Flowers I wanted to throw away, but then let a neighbor have to give to his partner. Chocolate and cake are weaknesses, so I am eating it. Letter I don't know. Haven't read it. 

Should I read the letter and the messages Ann's been sending? Should I talk to Ann? 

Why isn't she letting this go? What does she get out of doing this? She clearly didn't find me attractive enough. Why keep pushing this and keep hurting me.

Can this be fixed? Is there some way for us to work it out?

TLDR: First date with friend went well but she declined to hook up. It hurt, made me feel ugly. I didn't push it. I ended things. She won't let go. Friends are convinced I am an asshole. She wants another chance to talk and ""fix it"". Is it possible?"
relationship_advice "My(22F) boyfriend (21M) of one year admitted he didn’t want to end things with the Ex I have horrible, horrible retroactive jealousy, let’s just establish that. 
Also I’d like to preface that my boyfriend loves me a lot, and is wholly committed to me. 

Yesterday, some retroactive jealousy picked up and we both drifted into a conversation of how and why he and ex broke up. He was honest and told me that his ex was going through family problems, and wasn’t in the headspace to be in a relationship anymore. I should add that, my boyfriend was willing to support her, it was her who didn’t want him to interfere. He selflessly offered to end things if that’s what she needed at the moment, but himself was unwilling to end things. 

When he said “I didn’t want to end things” my heart sank. 

I wish he’d say “I’m so happy that relationship ended because I found you” so badly. So badly 

It makes me vomit to imagine him with some other woman, having feelings for her, empathising with her. I want him to feel NIL, which I’ve communicated, but it rankles me to no end. 

I told him what I wanted to hear, and he eventually said those things but it didn’t originate from within him. 

I only see the ex as a woman who dated MY man and don’t want her in our lives. Because she dated MY man, she she doesn’t deserve the privileges of being his girlfriend anymore and that my boyfriend is exclusively mine. I feel that trash took itself out of his life when it was time, and that she doesn’t get to keep a piece of his heart and isn’t worthy of that. 

I’m having a horrible Valentine’s and I don’t know what can help. 

TLDR: boyfriend opened up about last breakup, I felt retroactive jealousy, don’t know how to deal"
relationship_advice "I 20M had plans with my 21F girlfriend on Valentine’s Day I had plans with my girlfriend on Valentine’s Day u know like how everyone else would. Now this morning she said she’s gonna be busy with family. How should I feel about this? And for some backstory we already agreed on plans for today and she does this a lot. I know she’s not out doing anything stupid it’s just me personally I can’t wrap my head around not being able to prioritize me especially on Valentine’s Day."
relationship_advice "She (32F) can't fulfill my (33M) relationship needs even if she is sort of trying.. time to walk away? Hi Reddit. I'm trying to put my thoughts together and sometimes writing and sharing helps. Hearing other points of view also helps, so here it goes..

I'm a 33M dating a 32F for about a year. We initially seemed compatible but the truth is that I never felt wanted or cared for in the relationship. I was always very open about what I need and so I was hoping things change, but they don't seem to. She a great person, but she is just not affectionate at all, and is very career-driven and self-centered. It's not even a love language kind of thing thing: she's not verbal and never says anything remotely affectionate, she's not physical, doesn't hug or kiss, sex is monotonous and I have to always take the initiative and it has gotten worse over time because I don't feel desired, she has no time to be with me and when she is she is usually doing something else too, and also doesn't really give me any presents or gifts. I'm honestly quite a sensitive man, and so I tend to always be overcompensating to get a little bit of attention and affection. She got so used to it that she puts little effort into the relationship. I get frustrated and we end up fighting about silly things. When we fight, she gets even worse - not only is she even less loving but she's actively bossy, mean, and very difficult to deal with. This has also led to me being avoidant of any major discussions.

I have had very clear talks with her, and I told her I need more affection, and that I'm hoping she can improve on that if we plan to stay together. In these times, she always says she really likes me, but that this is the way she is. I also offer specific advice on what would help. In all honesty, I think she has tried, but it's been months and I'm nowhere near what I need. And I worry that this is only going to get worse with time, and that a partner like this is going to be a nightmare long-term.

From this text, I reason the answer of what to do is quite obvious, but there are attenuating factors. She is a good person, she is intelligent and quite succesful, she is very fun to be around, and when she does set time aside for me, we can spend some quality time. She has also been one of the only persons in recent years I felt I could build something with when we started dating (and perhaps that makes me scared of walking away).

Also, I'm her first boyfriend and I just can't shake the feeling that she probably doesn't know better. I used to be like that too on my first relationship (more than 10 years ago), but then I did learn to be more romantic and affectionate. I'm very proactive and I'm willing to put in the work if it goes somewhere. I've thought about seeking professional help but she's not very open for emotional exploration and she will probably think its not warranted given we have not been dating for years.

Should I just walk away? Is there hope for change? Am I wasting my time?"
relationship_advice "My 23f husband 26m is turning into a deadbeat, what do I do to stop it? He is working 24 hours a week and taking one class at the university, and he has started calling out of work to stay home and play video games or watch tv or scroll on his phone. He has also not been going to his classes claiming that he can just get the notes from his classmates.

I at first thought he was depressed so I started encouraging him and trying to support him, making sure he was eating well and cleaning up after him. Taking on the bulk of the household chores. Getting us up to have breakfast together and giving him extra love and massages. Cuddling during movie nights and just making sure to be there with him. But I am going to school full time and working full time as well and I’m quickly approaching burnout. 

I have just started to get the feeling that he is not depressed and he’s just turning lazy. 

Yesterday I was talking to him about my burnout and told him I felt like there was a lot on my plate and started listing everything, and he responded by asking me if I had finished the laundry yet. It just totally rubbed me the wrong way.

Since he said that yesterday I’m starting to feel like I’m being taken advantage of and maybe this is turning into his new normal. I sent him the information for the student counseling services so he could see someone and he ignored it.

Now he is talking about quitting his job and dropping out of college, but if he quits his job then I have to stop going to college in order to pick up more hours to support us financially. And if he drops out of college.. well I married him because we had similar lifestyle goals of being college educated people. We were both going to go on to get our Masters and Doctorate. This totally came out of the left field for me. 

I don’t know what to do or how to get my husband back. I just want my intelligent, bright man back.

TLDR: husband is not pursuing anything anymore and I don’t know how to help"
relationship_advice "am I (f29) expecting too much of my bf (m30) Am I expecting too much?

I (29f) have been with my bf(30m) for a couple of years. He's kind, our life together is peaceful, he helps with chores around the house, we have similar interests in hobbies which is all great but sometimes I don't know if that is enough for me.

He's not very talkative so most of the time I'm just talking and he listens. He's like this with everyone. But it just doesn't give us the opportunity to have thoughtful conversation. So, I feel mentally understimulated.

We're not on the same page sexually. I'm very open to try things and have a relatively high libido. He's very vanilla and I think, if I didn't bring it up, we could easily go a whole month and he wouldn't notice that we haven't had sex. We have talked about it a number of times but with no change. So, I feel sexually understimulated.

He's uncomfortable talking in depth about feelings or emotions. He's not very romantic. I've bought a game where we ask each other deep questions but he hates it so I always feel bad asking him to do it. So, I feel emotionally understimulated.

I'm better off financially than him, which I don't say to slight him at all, but it does mean that if we want to go somewhere nice, buy a house, have a baby. I'd be doing the majority of the heavy lifting for all of those things. which wouldn't be a problem at all but based on the other things I just don't know what he brings to the table.

But like I said, our life is peaceful, we barely fight, he's reliable if I need him to do something and I'm sure he wouldn't cheat on me.

I just don't know if I can spend the rest of my life missing those other things. What's 

Tldr; should I stay in a relationship without mental, emotional, sexual and at the very least financial support? 
My partner is very kind, reliable, and a friend I can talk to at the end of the day. Should that be enough?"
relationship_advice "Me (20F) and my boyfriend (19M) are taking a break, but I need some help? So my boyfriend (19M) and I (20F) are taking a break from eachother a little bit so we can work on our mental health and better ourselves up again (mostly me though, i cannot control my emotions well so sometimes i have been rude to him and just a bunch of stuff) and i just want ideas. im bored out of my mind and i dont have any friends unfortunately so i really dont know what to do. im currently unemployed and looking for a new job, but while my boyfriend and i arent hanging out what does one do???"
relationship_advice "My [27F] partner [42M] met me in a bar when I was 20 and drunk. I asked him why. He says I’m calling him a groomer. How can we discuss this fairly? I met my partner when I was 20, he was in his 30s and married. He approached me when I was alone in a bar, semi-drunk and sad. We hooked up after. It took him a few weeks to tell me he’s married.

Seven years later we are still together. I love him very much. He is even on good terms with his ex. 

I asked my partner about why he approached me that night in the bar whilst married and what made him approach someone that much younger. At first he answered my questions then got bothered because he said I’m accusing him of grooming. Now I have ruined Valentine’s Day.

How can we discuss this fairly now that I’m older? Knowing what I know now I wouldn’t date an older man like this if I could go back in time. But we are happy now but I want to be able to discuss this with him. How?"
relationship_advice "(36m)(30f) fiancée wants to be a stay at home mom My fiancée and I want children soon after we are married this summer. She wants to be a stay at home mom until they reach the age of 2. Hopefully we’d have a couple kids and this would last 4 years total. I’d have to work during this time and take care of us, along with my fairly decent amount of savings. Does anyone have any experience with what this kind of lifestyle is like?"
relationship_advice "I’ve given up on asking my crush out 29F 30M I’ve posted about this previously but I’ve been wanting to ask out my crush for weeks now. We work at the same place but don’t work directly together. I was trying to build up the courage to ask him to coffee casually one day when I saw him.

However I’m coming to this weird assumption that I’ll be turned down bc he just doesn’t like me. He never says hello to me or goes out of his way to talk to me. He’s just always on his phone and he passed by me today and didn’t even say hello. This just makes me feel like my chances of him even acknowledging me are 0. 

This other guy I work with has a crush on me and he makes it super obvious he likes me. I’m not interested in him but I can obviously notice the drastic difference between the two guys. The one that likes me does work with me more often then my crush. I barely see the guy u like and when I do he just keeps to himself and never says hello. I just don’t know now I feel like I may be missing signals then that he just doesn’t like me or find me attractive enough to say hello. Or if I’m just reading to much into it and he’s just shy and minds his own business and I’m fabricating a story to talk myself out of it. 

I’m honestly just expecting a no and to look like a fool asking a man out to coffee that doesn’t even like me. I don’t know what to do or think."
relationship_advice "Existancial Crisis because my (30M) girlfriend (26F) wants to open our relationship  **TL/DR: Girlfriend started a semester abroad and wants to open our relationship a little bit. I do not, and I have no idea how to deal with the situation or my feelings regarding it.**

In January my girlfriend of 3 years started a semester abroad. Prior to this we lived together. We met each other through mutual friends, and less then a month after that we were officially together. She was the person I imagined I would spent the rest of my life with. I had planned to propose when she returned.

A few days ago she expressed her interest in opening our relationship a little bit. Not much, but she wants to be able to flirt and kiss other people. Same would go for me, only I am not interested.

She said that she missed the excitement, the new, that this was something she had always felt she needed (even in past relationships). That now, being on her own, she finally felt like herself again. How good it feld to admit this to herself. That there was nothing wrong with me, but rather that no long-term partner could provide her with what she needs. She told me that I was perfect for her, that no other could ever measure up.

For context, this is not the first relationship for either of us and we have both had multiple sexual partners prior to this relationship.

This revelation has shocked me more than I thought possible. I am not interested in opening up our relationship, I want nothing but committed monogamy. I have no interest in other people, and the thought of her enjoying other people drives me insane. Honestly, the thought that she is so interested in others in itself hurts a lot. I am starting to resent her for that. Or I would, but right now I do not feel anything at all. Which is kind of unsetteling.

We talked a lot about it. She also send me a TED-Talk by Esther Perel, which did not help me. She wants me to at least think about it. She tried to explain her reasoning to me, hoping that I would be capable of seeing things from her perspective. She also hinted that being allowed to express herself this way might have a positive effect on our sex-life, which has not been that great after the honeymoon phase.

This is also at odds with my worldview. I always thought that most people want monogamous relationships. That this was how most people were happy. But apprently I am wrong. Is everyone else that interested in open relationships? Am I just one of the few that can not handle it? Is there something wrong with me? With what I want? Should I just forget about it, because those kinds of relationships are a thing of the past, and anyway, people were never happy in them?

I have so many questions, and I would truly appreciate any input. Please help me make sens of this.

Can a relationship with such opposed needs work at all? Will it only get worse with time? Will she suddenly find herself wanting to sleep with others once she kissed them? Should I just let her try it, and see how I feel? Will I then hate myself?

Is this relationship doomed? Should I just end it now, rather than have it end later anyway?

Am I crazy for wanting a monogamous relationship in which my partner is only attracted to me and I to them? Is that not something that anyone else is interested in?"
relationship_advice "Girlfriend (F18) 'steals' guy friend's bracelet and I'm (M19) weirdly jealous about it This might be me just being irrationally jealous, and I honestly can't tell why and I'm not quite sure why I'm even posting this but yes, my LDR girlfriend (F18) was talking about her day to me (M19) the other day and she mentioned that she asked one of her guy friends for his bracelet and kept it on for the rest of the day and hadn't returned it, hence the title, 'steals' bracelet (her words). She mentioned that she was told it looked good on her by said guy friend and a bunch of her other friends and so she wore it for the entire day and didn't return it back.

She's been wearing it non stop for the past few days and said guy friend has told her to keep it. I really can't pinpoint why this bothers me a little, but it kinda does. Probably because I see some girls do this when they're into a guy, similar to a girl asking the guy to lend a hoodie/jacket. I know it's just a bracelet and nothing more but is this even somewhat normal to be a little jealous about or is it something to do with me?"
relationship_advice "My [34F] gf of 4 months said to me [36M] that if we broke up she’d go have sex with her ex. My gf and I got into an argument about her having sexually inappropriate conversations with her “platonic” male friends (she sent a snap chat video of her dancing in her underwear to her male friend and said there was nothing wrong with that, she also sent a pic of her legs in her bathtub to the same guy and sent him her address but said she was really drunk and it didn’t mean anything). Then said if we broke up, she’d go fuck her ex. My friends said she said it out of spite but I recently learned that when her last relationship ended soon after (less than a month) she did try hooking up with him but apparently he didn’t want to because he was seeing someone. She blamed him and said he kept barking up her tree. 

It bothered and hurt me that she said that. Why would she even be thinking about her ex while we’re in a relationship, especially sexually. I told her that it was not okay. I argued that the only reason she won’t fuck him was because he wasn’t available and we were in a relationship. I don’t feel secure, knowing she would return to him. She also stated that it wouldn’t be appropriate for us to be thinking about hooking up with others, yet she said she’d fuck her ex. 

What I’m looking for here is to know that I’m not wrong for feeling hurt. Has anyone here experienced this in past/current relationships?

TLDR: My gf said that if we broke up, she’s go fuck her ex. It hurt my feelings. She said it after a fight we had about her having sexually charged conversations with her male friends after she said she had good boundaries."
relationship_advice "I’m so confused about what he wants. (23F &amp; 23M) My ex and I broke up a month ago. We had an apartment together but I decided for our well being to move back with my mom for a bit to give us space. It is clear we still loved and cared for one another. During that month of being broken up I would see him a couple of times and even spend the night. He would talk to me lovingly too. However, he does this thing that he will talk to me and treat me like he’s going to ask me to be his girlfriend again. Then, pulls back and says he’s not ready for a relationship. He has done this too much and I’m over it. Why keep me around? Why keep talking to me? He senses me trying to move on he’ll hit me up and remind me that he loves me still? I just don’t get it. I broke up with him by the way. And I know he’s scared to be back with me. But all these mixed feelings are making me confused. He says he doesn’t know what he wants. We can go hours without talking then he’ll switch up and want to talk to me all the time. I just don’t get it and I can’t take it anymore."
relationship_advice "21M 20F why don’t my ex girlfriend stop mentioning/ making TikTok’s about me For context we dated for 4 years and started during high school went to prom together ext

In April of 2022 she cheated on me broke up with me thru text and then showed up to my house the next day on Easter despite me begging her not too. Since then I have had very limited contact with her I don’t respond to her don’t call her just want to be left alone(I ended up blocking her number but that somehow made it worse). Since we broke up she has constantly made TikTok’s about me both negative and positive(mostly negative). They used to make me upset and bother me but now they just make wonder wtf is wrong with her. But she just keeps posting them including personal details about me. Why is she still doing this it’s been almost a year and she’s the one that ended the relationship I’ve completely ignoring her hoping she would stop but it’s obviously not working anyhting anyone has to say will help thank you"
relationship_advice "my boyfriend of five months(19m) said he might lose feelings for me(19f) since he’s becoming depressed again 
pretty much the title. we’ve been together for five months and i can tell you that it’s been the most amazing five months of my life. we get along so well, we laugh together, eat together, make great love and so on and i know some of you’re gonna say that it might be too soon to tell but i feel like i found myself a perfect match. anyways, he has struggled with depression before (like myself) and he told me that he is going through it again. i assured him that i am here for him, no matter what. i just kinda felt that he’s been getting a little distant lately and i know that it’s because of his depression but i myself am an overthinker and i struggle with abandonment issues. so i asked him that if it’s possible for him to lose feelings for me over this and he pretty much said yes. and i know that some people are gonna think that it’s an excuse etc. but i know him well enough to know that he really loves me, as of now, and he is not faking a depression. i can actually see that he is struggling and all i can do is just be there for him, but damn i feel hopeless. has anyone experienced something similar to my situation?

tldr; my boyfriend of five months is going through depression again and when i asked him if he could lose feelings for me over this he said yes."
relationship_advice "My bf (m21) got upset with me (f21) bc I wouldn’t send him a nude today? Hi guys, I’m really confused and don’t know how to go about this. Today is Valentine’s Day, I was excited and my bf made us dinner reservations and we have gifts for each other but we were texting on his break at work and he likes when I send him pics of myself so I thought it would be nice and fun if I sent him pics of my chest and hips and stomach, he loved them and then wanted a picture of my private part. I said “You’ll see later daddy 😘” to try and be spicy and sexy and fun and also told him some sexy stuff through text, he ignored my text and when I asked him what was wrong he said he didn’t like that I didn’t send him a vagina pic and he’s let down and bothered. Our connection felt really off and he was texting me in a distant and cold way, I could tell he was really upset and off from this. I kept trying to speak to him nicely but he would respond with “ok” or tell me he’s allowed to have feelings over this and be disappointed even tho it’s my body and that I should’ve communicated why I didn’t send him a vagina pic and how this was boring and it’s supposed to be Valentine’s Day. I got really sad and uncomfortable and I’ve had experiences in the past with men, which he knows about, where they really only wanted my body or pics or went about things similarly to him. We’ve been together a year, when we can’t do something sexually or I’m uncomfortable or not ready for certain things (when he met me I was a virgin) he gets a little off with me or says things I find hurtful. Makes me feel inadequate or like something is wrong with me or like I should be doing these things. We were texting for an hour about this, with him telling me I’m not the only person here and how he has feelings and then finally he was like “idk what came over me omg I’m so sorry” but when I told him it made me sad he just said “I bet it did” and tried to leave the conversation. And then he came back and tried apologizing again. I’m feeling a little weird, how should I go about this? Has anyone ever experienced this with their boyfriend? Is something wrong with me? I feel sad it’s Valentine’s Day and he got like this with me over this and I wish he would’ve gone about it nicer, if it was really such an issue. Even tho he’s been weird about other things, this was unlike anything I’ve seen before with him. 

TL:DR: Bf (m21) got mad and off with me because I (f21) didn’t send him a pic of my private part. How should I go about this? Has this happened to anyone else?"
relationship_advice "I[M27] visited a Cosplayer event with a friend [M29] , we had a goal to meet and greet cosplayers as much as possible The problem about this is I took ¾ of all the pictures taken and he took about ¼ of mine and most of them were shaken.

He didn't care if i was getting tired, all he wanted was to get pictures. Now as act of kindness i withstood my tiredness i clicked all the picture perfect moments.
 He has the audacity to deny me credits even after being confronted.

If you say i am being petty, well i am 9-5 working individual with the next day being Monday, i dragged my legs and took 300s of pictures of him!


*sigh* i feel used :("
relationship_advice "I (20F) and my boyfriend (21M) have a boundary issue with his parents. I believe relationship problems and arguments should stay between the couple. (Unless it’s very serious of course)
I believe by telling or ranting to your parents about your relationship problems doesn’t help, it gives you biased opinions, turns people against your partner as you’re not fairly representing their side, and causes mistrust between couples and a lack of real communication on the problem. 
My boyfriend agrees with this so we made a boundary that we would not go to our parents with our fights, problems or negative aspects of our relationship. Rather we would try to keep it between us until we could resolve it, or we would go to one our trusted friends for help or advice.
These boundaries have worked great so far and I feel have improved our trust in each other. 

Recently my boyfriend told me he feels isolated from his parents. He admits that the boundary we have set in place about not telling them about our relationship problems has contributed to his feeling of isolation. But he also said he agrees with our boundaries and wants to keep them. 
I do not want to change these boundaries either as they have worked great so far, and also I know his parents do not like me and have even said so, meaning any advice he gets from them is going to be very biased against me (he’s also an only child and the only son in his whole family so theres that too). But I am not sure what to do with this situation regarding our boundaries and him feeling isolated from his parents partially because of our relationship. 


TLDR; My boyfriend feels isolated from his parents because of a boundary we made. The boundary works great and he wants to keep it, but doesn’t know how to not feel isolated."
relationship_advice "[19F] [20M] I have always liked this guy since our freshman year at college, but the timing was always off so when he made a move, I turned him down. Is he still interested? When I met this guy (let’s call him John), we were both just starting college. We had started hanging out with some friends regularly, but one night he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. The same night while we were at a party John tried to make a move but I had no interest in being a rebound so I turned him down. Things were kinda weird after that so we stopped hanging out. We still kept in touch though and at the beginning of our sophomore year he had invited me to his room at a party. I could tell he was trying to make another move, but at the time I was talking to another guy (who happened to be John’s semi-friend from high school). I kept my distance and he got the hint. Once I started dating this other guy, I could tell that John was jealous by some of his actions. He would bring up the times we hung out freshman year while around me and this guy he knew from high school but purposefully leave out the parts about him making a move. Eventually, I ended things with the guy because I wasn’t really feeling it. John had asked at a recent party if me and the guy were still talking and when I said no and that he un-added me on snap, he joked about him being sensitive. This made me think he was still interested but when I asked John to hangout recently and go to a party with some of my friends, he told me he couldn’t because he had work the next morning. This would be a reasonable excuse, but to me it wasn’t because he always goes to parties the night before he has work. I feel like he just didn’t want to hangout, but I don’t know why. Has he lost interest? I don’t wanna force anything so should I just leave him alone?"
relationship_advice "[20F] Does my ex [21M] want me back?? we dated about 2 years ago, and i saw him the other day. i was walking to the restroom at a bar, and i heard someone call my name from behind so i turned around and saw him. i got so excited, so i started jumping up and down and asked him for a hug and he hugged me. i asked how he’s been, and he said he’s been alright. he said “you look good though!”, and then paused for a second and said “well i’ll see ya”. then i think he left the bar 

i don’t know if i should text him. i did cheat on him a few times, so i’m not sure if he would want to hear from me. he did call my name and say i looked good though!"
relationship_advice "My (27F) fiancé’s (25M) friends are rude to me and he doesn’t think it’s his business Hi - bringing this to Reddit because we keep arguing about it and can’t come to an agreement. Long post alert:

My fiancé (25M) and I (27F) have had a bit of a whirlwind relationship. We met in a graduate program, were friends for a year, and then started seeing each other romantically and had a baby shortly after. It all went very fast. 

Throughout our relationship, his two best friends, who happen to be siblings, have been a problem. When my fiancé and I were just friends, they were friendly to me. And when we were just casually hooking up, they were friendly, too. But as soon as things got serious, they got rude.

This rudeness mostly was shown in the way of passive aggressive in-person interactions as well as directly rude texts. I’ve been nothing but nice to these boys. When things were still good, they mentioned needing a place to live and having trouble finding something in their budget. I happened to be moving out of a home that I owned, and offered it to them at a discount. This was a BAD idea and has been a contributor to the deterioration of the friendship which is why I mention it.

Here’s a few examples of their behavior, both regarding the house and not:

- after we announced my pregnancy, they told me privately, and with a good deal of seriousness, that I “stole my fiancés youth”. It wasn’t a joke.
- the four of us all having a conversation in a group. They put an arm around his shoulder and walked him away from me to talk privately without saying a word to me, leaving me excluded 
- we visit them to work on the house (before baby). They say they want to go out with my fiancé, but I’m not invited. Neither is one of their girlfriends and they left us at the house together while they went to have “boys night”
- not paying their bills and then telling me that the house was unsuitable when they moved in so they shouldn’t have to pay for certain things (it wasn’t unsuitable, they did an inspection before they signed a lease)

- asking fiancé to go on trips all the time even though we have a newborn because they assume I should do all the childcare. (He’s gone on several of these, but if it were up to them, he’d be gone all the time to go party while I raise our child)
- coming over and letting the dog in when I tell them not to. They do it anyway and say “it’s not a big deal, don’t worry about it.” Or screaming outside while the baby is sleeping, or riling the dog up so he barks even if the baby is sleeping

More context: They’ve never straight out called me names or anything, but I’ve heard from mutual friends that they have said directly aggressive things about me. I’ve also heard they tried to break us up. 

What sucks is I’ve been more than nice to them the whole way, and I’ve put up with these little aggressions out of respect for my fiancé and his relationship with them. They finally moved out of my house (thank god!) but at this point, they’ve been so cold to me for so long that they genuinely make me uncomfortable and I just want a break from them. Every time I see them, I have my guard up, just waiting for the next snide comment or disrespectful action.

I’ve asked my fiancé to help me take a break by not bringing them to our home, just for a few months until I can gain some composure back. But he hasn’t been supportive in this. He thinks I’m overly sensitive to “just a few mean texts” and he thinks it’s toxic that I don’t want them in our home. I’ve asked my fiancé if they can hang out at their house instead of ours, but my fiancé tells me that’s not an option because they can’t drink around their mom with whom they live. So then I asked that he gives me a heads up before they come over so I can at least get the baby and myself out of the house (go to the park or run errands or whatever), and he says he will, but usually he doesn’t give me a “heads up” until they’re already pulling into the driveway. And then I have to make myself scarce from my own home for several hours while they do whatever they do.

This is such a long post - if you’re still here, thanks for reading. But I’m feeling stuck. It bothers me that my fiancé doesn’t want to protect me more from these assholes. I’m not even asking him to stop being friends with them; I just need a break from their behavior. Generally I just feel like I’m not being taken seriously about how his friends make me feel.

Any advice, Reddit? This isn’t the only place in the relationship where I feel like I’m not being taken seriously, but I’m trying to tackle one problem at a time."
relationship_advice "We (32M, 30F) have been together for 5 years, but he’s not ready for marriage and I wonder if unemployment may be a factor I (30F) have been with my partner (32M) for 5 years now. We’ve lived together for the past 3 years and have 2 cats together. We live in an expensive city where the cost of living is very high. I've spent years working towards my career and now have a relatively stable job that pays decently, but I feel myself struggling financially at times. My partner has been unemployed for the past 2 years and is finding it very difficult to find a job in his field. He’ll work the odd job here and there to make money, but those jobs leave him feeling sad and depressed because it’s not what he wants to do for work. His financial and employment situation is taking a very big toll on his mental health. He’s expressed multiple times that he feels worthless and like he doesn’t offer anything to our relationship and wishes he could contribute more financially and give me things/experiences that I deserve. Each time I reassure him that this is not the case and that I love him dearly regardless of his financial/employment situation. I have never been a materialistic person, so I don't fully understand where these concerns are coming from.

This morning we visited his mom and grandparents and they asked us if we were going to get married anytime soon. He comes from a relatively traditional family where men are expected to provide for their partners (his dad and 2 brothers are the “providers”) - both my partner and I don’t agree with this but I’m sure these beliefs have influenced him at least a little. He responded with “Nope, not anytime soon” then immediately changed the subject. His mom gave us a concerned look but moved on too. This wasn’t the first time they’ve asked and this is typically his response.

I’ve also talked to him about marriage before and he said he doesn’t know how he feels because he’s not in a place where he can consider marriage since he can barely afford rent, groceries, etc. I haven't been putting any pressure on him because I want to support him as he tries to find a job/career that he's passionate and happy about. But I can't help but wonder if it’s normal for men to have a hard time thinking about marriage when they are unemployed/financially struggling. I’m curious if anyone has experienced something similar and if employment/financial stability has affected their views towards marriage and their readiness for it. 

TLDR; My partner (32M) is unemployed and I’m (30F) curious if this can influence his thoughts about marriage and if that’s typical"
relationship_advice "I [33F] believe my spouse [28M] has been lying to me for months but I have no proof. Approximately 5 to 6 months ago, I found out that my husband had acquired nearly 20 K worth of credit card debt behind my back. I only found out because some bills were paid late which caused me to become concerned. At the time I reviewed my husband's credit card statements and saw various transactions such as food, clothes, sports gambling, and random foreign transactions. For the most part, he recalled all of these transactions, but he said that he did not know what the foreign transactions were. I assumed that he had possibly gotten scammed and that these were fraudulent charges. I discussed with my husband contacting the bank to report the fraud. When I checked in with him regarding this one or two weeks later, he assured that he called the bank. At that time we also discussed using my bonuses at work to help pay the debt as I do make significantly more than him.

I was due to begin paying down the debt within the next 2 to 4 weeks and I was going to pay off the credit card with the lowest balance. I checked the statement for that card and continued to see sports betting and foreign transactions. The amounts are never that much ranging from approximately $15-$60 each and approximately 80 to 100 monthly. When I asked him about this, he said that he no longer has the sports betting app and he is not sure why he is continuing to be charged as this is not a subscription-based app. He also states that he does not know what the foreign transactions are, and he insisted he did call the bank when we discussed it months ago.

I am now beginning to become quite concerned, as I feel very confident that if he contacted the bank, they would have shut down the account or canceled his cards preventing any future fraudulent transactions. I'm generally not sure if he ever called the bank. If he never called the bank, this concerns me because I feel he does not genuinely care about the debt that he has acquired, as the plan was always for me to pay it off. I also am not sure if these charges are actually legitimate, and he has just been lying to me about not knowing what they are.

When I looked into the transactions, all I could see where that they were based in China so I cannot really look into it further. I don't know what to do. I do not want to accuse him of lying, but I really do feel like something is off about the situation. I don't think that he has a gambling addiction, or anything of that sort as the amounts are not very much. I really don't want to think of the worst, but right now I have very strong suspicions. I'm scared that I am being taken of financially or lied to about where the money is going. Any advice is appreciated"
relationship_advice "Dont know what to do with a girl (im a 18M &amp; she is a 18F) Already hello, I like a girl in my high for about 4 weeks. At first I was very shy and I couldn't even talk to her but now it's going pretty well we talk every day and she even added me on instagram. But now I don't know how to move forward, knowing that my friends are telling me to let go and that it won't work because she's just out of a year long relationship. Yet it's been almost 6 months since she left her ex. It sounds silly but I really need your advice on how to do this. Thanks to everyone who will give me their opinion."
relationship_advice "I 27M know my girl 19F wanted to f with another dude behind my back. Can anyone help me and message her so I can see if she'll do it again? So my gf 19F of 2 Months wanted to f with another dude behind my back dude sent me all the screenshots of the conversation, so I told her about it and she was cold like yah I wanted to do it I was curious
••. So I wanted to end things with her, she begged me she won't do it anymore. So i gave her a second chance. So if someone can maybe help me and message her and see if she's like down to hookup it would really help. Then I'll end things with her forever. Thanks
My dms are open"
relationship_advice "AITA (28m) for not wanting my girlfriend (25f) of 6 years to go on a holiday with a guy who previously tried to have sex with her Guy is a friend of 5 years from a different country. I am pretty confident nothing happened before (as hard to believe as that may sound) but last time she went to visit him one country over, she told me he came over to her room and tried to have sex with her.

Am I overrreacting by thinking this is crazy? I am starting to doubt my own sanity by the way of her response to me. She acts like I am overreacting and that its perfectly fine because she says he wouldn't do it again.

EDIT: she booked the flight ticket without asking me by the way."
relationship_advice "29M dating a matured 40F, she already has 5 children Young man 29 dating a matured woman of 40, she already has 5 children of her own and I don't have any of my own, she has helped me a lot in life and we have tried giving birth but I guess she can't give birth because of her age, and she doesn't want me to have children with any other woman because she feels I will betray her if I do. But I also require my own children. Please provide any advice."
relationship_advice "My (23F) Boyfriend (24M) says he would breakup with me if I gain weight Today me and my boyfriend of 4 years were laying in bed.

While we were talking i jokingly asked if he would love if I was an ant. He responded ""I don't think so"". I took it like a joke (because it was). At this point I was playful with the conversation.

We kept talking and eventually I asked if he would still love me if I was obese. He answered that probably not and he couldn't promise he would.

I am totally fine with different body types and I understand that different people like and find attractive different things. 

Here's the catch tho, he was obese wend we started dating. He was 233 pounds and 5'10.  I am 5'4 and 112 pounds. He lost a bit of weight but his still overweight.

This was when I felt really hurt. This as been on my mind the last couple of days I am actually thinking about breaking up over it.

Reddit do you guys think I am being dramatic?"
relationship_advice "My(21F) boyfriend(22M) didn’t do anything with me on valentine’s day after I told him it was important to me. My (21F) boyfriend (22M) didn’t get me anything for valentine’s day after I told him it was important to me.

Not rlly sure what to post here, just looking for advice.

I got a happy valentines text this morning, we’re not big on little holidays. I got him this beanie he had been after for a while, it’s not much but to me it’s important for little acts of appreciation. I’ve told him countless of times that although it isn’t that much of a special day I would still appreciate going for a meal or some flowers, something small.

I had asked for flowers, that’s it. Did I get that. Nope. No call. No facetime. No date out. He’s sat playing fifa with his friends.
He had promised he would take me out for lunch or chill at his and watch movies."
relationship_advice "I 22(F) got drunk and made out with my ex(23M), while in a relationship with (23M) and I don't remember anything. 
The title says the major problem but here's the back story. Bear with me please. I have been in a relationship with my boyfriend for over 2 years and 6 months. We both love eachother deeply. Most part of our relationship was long distance and we have had lots of up and downs. Mainly being our fights. It was mainly because he was insecure about me being or talking to other guys or I would like about a situation that involves a guy BC I don't want to see him mad. I've never cheated on him or did anything to deserve his mistrust but he didn't trust me for a long time. Then I started lying to keep him from getting mad which sooner or later he'd find out and it made things worse. We talked a lot about this and we would talk about what we should do to fix it and go back to the fights again. He would say some horrible stuff to me sometimes over stuff I didn't do sometimes over things that get exaggerated. He hurt me a lot with his words. We'd say sorry after the fight and I'd pretend like nothing happened. I was disrespected and hurt and my self worth was damaged. And overtime it killed me inside. And a few months ago I decided we should break up and I told him. I was exhausted at that point and was not willing to try BC it was always going in circles. And he really understood that I was serious this time and he promised to change, and for one last chance. He begged and I hesitated a lot and said okay for the last time. And he changed, he really did. He controlled his anger, he had better control of his insecurities. He wouldn't tell me not to go out anymore and stuff. But the problem was mine then, I couldn't accept that he was a changed man. I kept thinking what if this is temporary, what's gonna happen when he isn't afraid to lose me, what if this is fake just to make me believe he changed. 2 months go by and he's still the same I wasn't, I told him I was tired again, we talked and thought we should work on this again. I was trying to give it my all but I just couldn't. He was doing everything right but I wasn't feeling it. I felt so sorry and so bad and I tried my best but I just didn't know what was wrong. Wrong timing I guess. When I was struggling to give my relationship what I had I was invited to a graduation party of my best friend. My ex is a mutual friend of ours and he was there. We avoided eachother the whole evening and at last his friend group and mine were the only ones there. We made fire outside and sat in a circle. Him next to me. I didn't drink the whole day but I started drinking then and we started talking. Nothing about us just talking with the group, I drank a lot in a short period and blacked out. The next morning I woke up with a hickey and asked my friends what happened and they told me we made out and we were forced away by then from eachother. I want to point out that I do not have any remaining feelings for him and it had been almost 4 years since we broke up.
I told my boyfriend and it has been hell since.
Now the question is we have worked so hard on our relationship to breakup but continuing after this happened is going to be very hard given our history. We could try to go back but it's going to be miserable, even more than before and I'm scared if that pushed me over the edge, how the hell am I going to handle this now? But breaking up with him means losing all our plans, all that love that was finally working. He was finally the perfect man, but idk what I'll do if I get tired again and hurt him even more. 
So to lose or not to lose?"
relationship_advice "I (23F) just realized I'm bi and I started liking a guy, but can't tell my girlfriend (32F) that. I feel embarrassed to write about this, but I feel like I have no other choice but to ask here.

I (23F) have a girlfriend (32F) of three years. I was the one who approached her first, but she is the one who really loves me now. She is the most caring, the sweetest person ever. Our relationship was going very strong and I really loved (I still love her a lot :/) her too, until a couple weeks ago.

Growing up I always knew for sure that I was queer. But learning about different terms and types of sexuality, I identified myself as a homoromantic pansexual because there were guys (even though there have been only very few in real life) I was attracted to sexually. But I could never imagine myself actually being in a relationship with a man and having an emotional connection to them. Just thinking about having to spend the rest of my life with a man made me sick in my stomach. I have only dated girls, so I was comfortable with the term, lesbian, as well.

But I saw this man a couple of weeks ago in a reality show on Netflix. At first, I thought he was just good looking. I had never even been a huge fan of any celebrity, so that was really it. But then, the show kept showing interview clips of him and I found myself continuously searching about him. He has a Youtube channel where he talks a lot about his personality and hearing his story, I felt like I fell in love with him. Don't know if this is a 'love', but I know that what I am feeling is completely different from just liking a celebrity and admiring them.

I don't know if this is because he is not like a superstar, but I see him as an attainable goal. And I realized that using my connections and maybe asking like four to five people, I could actually reach out to him. Ever since then, all I could think about is him. I feel bored talking to my girlfriend and I do not daydream about living happily with my girlfriend in the future anymore.

So, that is the situation I am in now and I don't know what to do. I know this is like nothing, but realizing that I could actually like a man was already too shocking for me. I feel bad for dragging this relationship when I feel like I have lost interest in her. Also, my girlfriend knows me as a lesbian and I am a bit afraid to tell her about my realization as a bisexual because she has told me multiple times about how she would not like to date bisexual girls anymore because all her exes left her for a man. So even besides the fact that I am more interested in this new guy than my girlfriend, I don't know if I should continue dating here when I think that she might not accept me fully for who I am.

If you can't tell by what you read above, English is not my first language and I'm not the best at explaining the situation. So thank you for taking the time to read this. Ugh I am so embarrassed that I'm feeling like this for a guy who I have not even met in real life. I would appreciate any type of comments or advice.

Feel free to share your thoughts on this."
relationship_advice "I [30m] abandoned my best friend [29m] during the worst period of his life, and I feel terrible. How do I apologize? one of my my best friends is a gay guy I’ve known for years who is my age. 

The last few years he has been going through insanely tough things in his life with his family. He had a sibling die, a parent go to jail, and he was extremely depressed and fighting alcoholism. He eventually had to move out of town because he needed to be with family so they could work through everything together. He said goodbye to me and his friends, but said he would move back again when everything got better. 

During this time my friend group and I knew he was struggling but not all the details. I’d say about half the details we knew about. We wished him well but didn’t really follow up… we forgot his birthday, never really caught up with him, and just assumed he would get back to us when he moved back to town. He tried to call us but life got in the way for me a few times, and I had to bail some calls several times. He also told me he was developing feelings for me, and I told him thanks but I’m dating someone else. 

Eventually we canceled on him one too many times and he exploded on us. Told us he was going through the worst period of his life and nobody was checking up on him. That he hadn’t heard from us in a year. 

I reacted poorly. I thought he was being dramatic because I rejected him. I told him he needed to calm down, and then he screamed at me and told me I wasn’t there for him. That apparently I always take him for granted. I told him I’m sorry for what he’s going through but that I’m not the one he should be angry at. I haven’t heard from him in three years now. 

I’ve been in therapy and I realize I’ve been haunted by this for a long time. I realize I abandoned my friend during the worst period of his life and then when he called us out I basically said he was dramatic…

I have learned through therapy that I am not good at apologizing because I usually see that as admitting that I am a bad person in general. My therapist has helped me realize that apologizing means you made a mistake, but not that you are inherently a bad person. 

But I feel terrible. Bringing this up in therapy has caused me to cry for the pain I must have caused my friend. I want to apologize to him. Selfishly it is to feel better myself, but honestly it’s so that hopefully he will feel better to know that I now recognize he was in the right. That he shouldn’t have had to go through that. That I abandoned my friend and assumed he was angry at me because I rejected him. 

I’m really struggling with this and it’s made me depressed. How do I approach this situation? I have been a total ass."
relationship_advice "My [24m] boyfriend of 3years withholds affection or gifts from me if I [21F] do something he doesn’t like. My boyfriend often tells me I don’t deserve things he has planned or withholds affection if I do something he doesn’t like. A recent example of this is Valentine’s Day where I took longer than he’d like to reply while working, this lead to him texting me calling me a bitch, accusing me of ignoring him and cancelling our dinner plans for later that night. I had already bought him gifts that had cost me quite a bit of money but upon him coming home that night he ignored me and refused to open the gifts I had gotten him, all he had to say was that I “didn’t deserve a nice day after ignoring him”. He also asked why he should reward me after ignoring him. He had been worse for trying to reward/punish me based on how he feels about my actions or if I deserve something no matter how small especially since we moved in together. I can’t help but feel he’s being unreasonable."
relationship_advice "[25m][25f] Lost attraction to otherwise perfect partner for being dependent on the relationship I \[25m\] started dating her \[25f\] many months ago in the fall. The relationship started by hitting the ground running; after just a first date, we knew we fit together wonderfully. I immediately knew I was *very* attracted to her. We grew up in the same hometown, our interests aligned to an unbelievable extent, and her worldview matched mine. The conversation was incredible, the energy was incredible, the sex was incredible. The beginning of the relationship felt both passionate *and* measured. We were into each other and expressed lust and desire without ever filtering it, but we also took care to be retrospective and have plenty of conversations about what we want, what we need, long term relationship health, etc. Just because we were passionate did not mean we rushed the relationship or skipped steps. The relationship had an ideal first few months by all means; there was a strong mutual feeling of finding ""the one"".

Part of the reason I was so into her was because I felt like I was getting paired with an established, mature, grown, and figured-out person with a life of their own. I felt like my life was getting added to by her history and experiences, and vice versa. My already-happy life felt like it was getting rounded out by her. I had strong relationships with my friends and my family, and put a lot of effort into my career, home and hobbies. Meeting her felt like slotting in the final missing piece.

I'll admit we honeymooned hard. While always appreciating I had a full life she was just adding to, I had spent incrementally less time on friends, family, and solo hobbies by spending more nights watching TV with her. After the holiday season ended and the new year turned, I checked in with myself and wanted to re-balance these things. I made small and appropriate gestures such as ""I'll be spending this afternoon with friends, that evening with parents, this night to catch up with gaming buddies"", etc. I never gave the issue the energy of a ""formal discussion"", I just hoped that she would pick up on the gestures without it being a thing, and to the most part, she did. Credit where its due, I didn't necessarily get any flak for carving out space in my life for other priorities. I found tentative success, and balanced things slightly better.

However, while she didn't give me a hard time or get in the way, she became noticeably sad about the inventory I (and therefore indirectly, she) was taking about my life. While she never stopped my priorities... I would be visiting my family and hearing about how sad she is her relationships aren't the same. I would be with friends and receive texts about how lonely she is her across-the-country friends didn't land in the same state as her, as she sat at her place without plans. I would allocate a night for a personal hobby, and be guilt tripped into letting her ""co-exist"" with me at my place while I'm doing my own thing.

I felt crushed that by trying to re-balance and reinvigorate the other important parts of my life, I was indirectly putting shame on her for lacking in areas that weren't necessarily her fault. Her parents aren't exactly fun at parties and its totally not her fault for being in a traveling field. I tried to do a bit of ""problem solving"" and just involve her in what I had going on. I extended invites to her for bar trivia with friends that were previously SO free, and I included her on some lunches and dinners with family.

It didn't take long to see that this wasn't a silver bullet; by crossing the lines, I was moving in the *wrong* direction than originally intended, and F&amp;F **of mine** aren't going to spark the true F&amp;F relationship she desires. Understandable!

We've spent the last couple months actively trying to compromise and accommodate each other. Sometimes, she gives me space even if it means she's sitting at home, and sometimes, I include her even if I'd prefer some time to myself or others. Again, credit where it is due; she has fully acknowledged these life priorities of mine as valid, and I've done my best to sympathize that the fortunate and abundant amount of relationships in my life isn't something that she can just go buy at the store for herself. We've made a decent amount of progress, and with a little give-and-take, we're mostly happy.

The problem is that it's extremely hard to be attracted to her now.

Physically, there are no problems. She's objectively as sexy as she was when I met her. However, I can feel the dependency on a daily basis. I can feel that whether she has something fun and interesting going on that day is based on if she's joining me or not. I can feel that when we haven't talked in a few days, she's got a million stories that have gone untold, waiting to be told. I can feel that hobbies I've always sunk myself into are now activities that I have to make available to the two of us, without the restful solitude that usually comes. Her self image has dropped and I've been trying to convince my image of her to not follow hers.

I still love this person. In fact, I want to marry her. I want a big, happy, long life with her. Our compatibilities are true and meaningful and will lead to a happy life together in so many ways. I'm just fighting my own human psychology to be attracted to someone that I perceive as being dependent on me. 

How can I reinvigorate the sexual lust we once had? I'm trying to convince myself that my psychology is just being stupid, but I so far haven't been able to."
relationship_advice "My (22f) ex boyfriend (22m) friends are trying to get me to be around my ex. Recently my ex bfs friend has reached out and asked me if I would be down to hang out for his bday coming up in a couple of months and asking if I would be cool if my ex was there despite me making it very clear in the past that I don’t want anything to do with him. My ex and I had dated for 2 years and he had broken up with me 6 months ago which was pretty traumatizing since he just decided to blindside me and I blocked him on everything and never spoke to him since. Is it childish of me to not be around my ex or am I making the right choice?"
relationship_advice "No matter what age. Chill out and unwind this Valentine’s with these calming instrumental playlists. The perfect relaxing playlist to set a relaxing vibe throughout the evening. (28M) (28F) 
Feel free to listen and relax into your evening with these playlists I’ve curated for you to enjoy :) 


CALM SLEEP INSTRUMENTALS  
[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5ZEQJAi8ILoLT9OlSxjtE7?si=d00b0af4c5da464f](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5ZEQJAi8ILoLT9OlSxjtE7?si=d00b0af4c5da464f)

MEDITATION AND YOGA

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6JtLBg3bS2QHqLKxHmkVrw?si=ec3647de3a5d4bc3](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6JtLBg3bS2QHqLKxHmkVrw?si=ec3647de3a5d4bc3)

MINDFULNESS AND MEDITATION  
[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/43j9sAZenNQcQ5A4ITyJ82?si=c2b6dea36583401e](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/43j9sAZenNQcQ5A4ITyJ82?si=c2b6dea36583401e)

MONDAY MORNING CHILL  
[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1iZWtDZj940zG0tWBMXLez?si=53461d4c1f2d4e7f](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1iZWtDZj940zG0tWBMXLez?si=53461d4c1f2d4e7f)

SLEEPY PIANO

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3kzuO9N4JWrjS7aW92yX6a?si=25bb81443b07443d](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3kzuO9N4JWrjS7aW92yX6a?si=25bb81443b07443d)

LOFI CHILL

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3vXTOu6yyNgYbAQZt3F8yS?si=991e75234c594a'3c](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3vXTOu6yyNgYbAQZt3F8yS?si=991e75234c594a3c)

SOFT PIANO

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/56Sr2ABgSNe2uWlMp3ZG7l?si=e469ffdb0d7b427d](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/56Sr2ABgSNe2uWlMp3ZG7l?si=e469ffdb0d7b427d)"
relationship_advice "Meeting her in a week (23M) (24F) 

So I am meeting a girl next week 
We agreed to walk around the city and visit a nearby park 
My questions are 
1- how I can make this interesting? 
2- how I can escalate at the park and start making out 
3- what should I do to get back to her place? 

Please more details are better"
relationship_advice "45f/45m He’s not giving up? Hey all. I need some advice please and I’ve been no contact with the narcissistic ex since December 2.  (And yes he has been clinically diagnosed with anger issues and narcissistic personality disorder traits). I kicked him out last June due to his infidelity. I’ve been doing just fine since I’ve been no contact. Not dating anyone. Just doing home projects, hanging with friends and family and doing self-care. However ex has either texted or emailed me about every two weeks since 12/2- and obviously I haven’t responded. Well today I get another email from a different email account that he created~I guess his narcissistic self thought the reason I wasn’t responding I was because I blocked him everywhere and his usual email addresses so that’s why he created a new one. I do have him blocked on all social media but honestly him making this new email makes me uneasy- it makes me think he can see me somehow and I do not understand why he just doesn’t go entertain his new supply instead. His daughter and my daughter are very close (both age 16 and attend same school) and I heard his daughter gossiping when she spent the night that her dad has been out screwing everyone and everything. So why bother me then?! Why can’t he leave me alone. Is there anything I should do other than keep ignoring him? I am very uneasy with the fact he made a new email to contact me"
relationship_advice "[20m] [20f] my gf and I are on a brake We were talking for 4 months before we started a relationship, now we have been together for 3 months. 
She started to go quite when she started work, she said that she was just tired so I waited. She stopped wanting to call and stop saying good night. So I talked to her about it, that is made me worried that we would brake up. Now we are on a brake, I don't know what to do. I don't want to lose her, and I don't want to hurt her. I would appreciate some advice."
relationship_advice "I 26m got nothing for valentines off my 36f partner Sound familiar to anyone? Now before anyone says, I’m never normally one for Valentine’s Day. We’ve been together over a year, last year we didn’t get each other anything and it was made very known that I didn’t get her anything and rubbed in my face. So this year, thought I’d make it a bit special since it obviously means something to her.

Now she has kids so it’s pretty hard to get around for nights stays etc so I managed to get her out for dinner just there on Saturday. lovely little night, roses and card sent to the table anything she wanted she got.

Comes to today, not even a “happy valentines” just another normal day…

Should I say something? Like I was looking forward to at least a card or even an acknowledgment.

Probably petty to some, but why the fuss and not even return it?"
relationship_advice "I (M29) ruined Valentine's day for my GF (F27) Hi! 

So me (M29) and my GF (F27) (who is very needy) were celebrating Valentine's Day by drawing caricatures of each other. Everything was going fantastic. Everyone can agree that it was a super romantic activity. I was reacting very well when she showed me hers. But then I showed her my and she got very upset. She tried to look casual, but I could see that she didn’t appreciate the craftmanship of my drawing. She obviously thought it was ugly and now I don’t know if she respects me as her boyfriend anymore. Do you guys have any advice on how to make her feel better again? I really love her and want her to have a nice day today. I just wish I could draw better..."
relationship_advice "My (30f) bf (38m) just got his “first” cold sore. Is he being unfaithful? My bf (38/m) and I (30/f) have been together for 4 years. Yesterday, I noticed a tube of cold sore treatment on the counter and asked him about it. He has a shaggy mustache/beard so I hadn’t noticed, but he confirmed that he thinks he has one. I did ask him if he’s ever had one before and he said no, SO I started to feel a little panicky. Either he’s had this before and never told me, OR he’s being unfaithful. Both of which he denied. Normally, I wouldn’t jump to a conclusion that extreme except for the fact that he’s been really snappy with me (and everyone else) for a few weeks now. I tried to give him a kiss a few night ago and he pulled away. Our sex life isn’t really that strong and I’m just thinking that maybe he’s seeing someone else. The thing is, he doesn’t get out of the house much, but I did see that he had searched up a female co-worker on Fb back in December and now my mind is running wild. Today is Valentines day and he didn’t even say anything to me when he left for work this morning, nor has he said anything all day.

Any ideas on how I should approach this situation? I realize after writing this all out that I probably have my answer already, but I don’t know what to do from here 😕"
relationship_advice "My(m27) gf(f22) that I work with lied and left for another man. don't know how to move on Pretty much what the title says. Girl I work with and I ended up being a thing and we were doing great for a few months... Or so I thought. My gut was telling me something was off so I asked her if there's anything I gotta worry about in regards to this guy she told me about. When asked about it she denied it and said I have nothing to worry about. I believed her but still asked if I could see what they talk about. I saw her phone messages with him and they were calling each other babe and how they were so happy spending time together and cuddling and a bunch of heart emojis. It broke me inside. I snapped said Fuck you and left. Later we talked and I asked if she's willing to put in work and try to make it work. She said yes and said she deleted him and Snapchat. Literally while talking about it, her phone goes off and it's him... On Snapchat... Messaging her. At that point for me enough is enough, I deserve someone who won't lie and won't see me as an option. But Now I have to deal with working woth her almost everyday at work and it kills me seeing her always on her phone messaging him smiling and getting rides from him. She does seem genuinely happy and I should be happy for her but I'm devastated. I've done no contact except for if it's work related. And while at work I've just been keeping my space not talking to her. I want to move on but it's so hard with her constantly there. And sadly neither of us can really leave this job, as we are both important role in the company and need the money. I've scheduled therapy appointments as well, but any advise would be nice"
relationship_advice "I (22M) want to tell my friend (22F) I’m in love with her I (M22) have this friend K (F22). I have liked her for a very long time. When we had originally met, over a year ago, through one of my very close friends (We’ll call her M), I knew I liked her. My friend told me that K never dated anybody and that she was sure that if I tried I’d get rejected. I wasn’t afraid of being hurt and I wanted to get to know her more so I started texting her anyways. I liked her attitude and I liked how much she cared about people, not to mention she is fiercely competitive. She is absolutely the funniest girl I’ve ever met and every text I receive from her (to this day) makes me smile. So after I saw her 2-3 times I had asked her if she wanted to hang out alone to shoot my shot. She turned me down because she was uncomfortable and I understood and told her I would never want her to feel like that. She was leaving for Japan over that summer and the last time I saw her before she left was at her and M’s joint birthday party. I made sure to try not to get too close because I didn’t want her to feel awkward, but I was honestly heartbroken. I used the whole summer to try and get over her and I stopped contacting her because I thought it would help. 

More recently, after she came back in the fall, I hosted a little party at my place and she came. We all (M, K another friend and I) talked until very late and I realized I still had feelings for her. Then, we kind of started a friend group of my two best friends, K and M. We have been hanging out and doing stuff fairly often when our schedules permit and I have hung out alone with her a couple of times. I’ve never told K how I feel because I promised M at one point that I would never try to go for one of her friends again. I also care about K so much and it would break my heart if me saying how I feel would cause her to not want to be friends with me or break up the group. I’ve tried moving on and pushing past this, but it kind of feels like every girl I meet, I compare to her and they can never measure up. I think about her all the time and I think, even if he she rejects me, telling her will give me closure so I can move on and know that she will never be an option. I just don’t want anyone to get hurt with me saying this. I would really appreciate advice

TLDR I want to tell my friend how I feel, but I don’t want to lose her friendship or screw up our friend group."
relationship_advice "My girlfriend (F18) is pissed at me, I'm (M18) confused and worried TLDR I asked for space because I thought that's what we both needed for a day, and it really messed up my relationship

Me and my girlfriend are going through a rough patch. We've been dating for almost 7 months LDR but we usually see each other on the weekends, and recently we ran into a really big issue where she's been depressed and overwhelmed. She said she didn't feel like she had time to herself and sometimes our relationship was overwhelming when communicating. It led to her missing her old days in high school, and subsequently her ex. We talked through a lot of it, and we had a really good day afterwards. Yesterday, it started really getting to me how everything was going so I asked her for a day to myself. She said she totally understands, but this is where I fucked up. I thought giving her and I space would make her miss me more and be exactly what she needed while giving me time to think, but last night she was very distant and short. This morning I asked her what's wrong, and she said she was really hurt by yesterday because I wanted a whole day alone. She felt super alone, worried, and confused and said I was rude. I've apologized a million times, and she keeps saying it really hurt her. She said she doesn't really feel like talking to me. She told me she's gonna be super busy today and can't talk, and asked for space cause she needs time to think. I'm scared to death, I thought space would help give us both time, but it might've just fucked up my whole relationship and I don't know what to do other than give her time."
relationship_advice "18m, acceptable valentines day gift ideas for fwb (18f)? things are heating up but I don't know what I want or how to approach this, V-day is forcing me to take action 18m, seeing this girl for a few months. Started off FWB but things got more intimate and passionate (cuddling, ""baby"" during sex, that typa stuff) and I had a conversation with her about not wanting a relationship. We closed it off but saw each other at a bar like 2 weeks later and spent the night together, it's been on ever since. Things are heating up again, she's spending the night, we're spooning in bed, calling each other baby over text when we're horny, she's sent me (and I've sent as well) the kissing emoji with the heart (sounds childish to explain this but I overthink shit). I like her and my feelings for her are growing but I'm not in love and don't feel a relationship at this point. I don't know if I will in the future but I'm not ruling it out, I'm not experienced with girls and this is my first real ""thing."" I lost my virginity to her.

I heard thru the grapevine she's expecting a gift for Valentines day. I wasn't going to get anything because we're not in a relationship and I don't wanna lead her on but I went ahead and got her some candy and a stuffed animal- nothing with hearts. No flowers. She's coming over tonight. Is this an acceptable gift if I end up giving it to her? Does it communicate much more than ""you're a special person to me, I appreciate you, I like where things are going and want to keep seeing you""? Even though I might not end up asking her to be my girlfriend if my feelings don't go there?

I'm either gonna have the same talk with her as last time, or give her the gifts. I like being passionate and intimate, I like where we are and I think I'm starting to feel real things for her but I don't wanna be pressured into saying I love you or asking her into a relationship just because of a holiday. At the same time I can't just not acknowledge that it's valentine's day. If I was going to fall in love with her I probably would know it by now but I just don't know.

This is important- I'd talk to her about everything in a heartbeat because I care about her as a person and genuinely like her, and hurting her in any way would hurt me. The problem is that her friend let it slip that she's expecting a gift today but if she knew that her friend said that it would jeopardize their friendship. If I have that talk with her I'm afraid she'll suspect that her friend said something and that's the last thing I want to cause.

I've realized at some point that since we talk every day, sleep with each other, kiss and cuddle and hold each other, it's basically a relationship already without the label and expressed feelings. But I'm just not in love. I guess maybe I'm trying to force it unintentionally because she's my first experience with sex/fwb/potential real relationship.

Any help is appreciated"
relationship_advice "Relationships through financial hardships (26M) (25F) Hey people a little lost on some stuff so I came here for help. Try to keep the story short 

Me (26M) have been talking with someone (25F) for the past few months in and started taking things seriously recently. I’m in a bit of a bind just trying to play the wonderful game of catching up in life with previous debts and other situations. I make good money but after these payments I’m lucky enough to have gas money in my pocket. 

I’m able to scrape up money for dates time to time and for food when we eat and she pays on occasion. Which I’m not mad at usually the man often pays for dates more than often. 

Anyways besides that the main thing is the mental stress has taking a toll just working and working to get things right. The lady I’m talking to now is good people but just like most has her moments but nothing to critical. 

Just the main thing is a lot of times when I’m alone I feel like I’m not ready for a relationship, my money isn’t right, the stress of life and work is bothering me. I care about her and I know she feels the same but apart of me feels like I shouldn’t take this responsibility right now  of commitment and take that time to get myself together more 

Just idk if it’s smart to end things and work to get myself on my feet or just manage my life and the relationship. I apologize again  my mind has been having a serious back &amp; forth trying to come with a solution"
relationship_advice "[23M] [21F] Girlfriend broke up with me one month ago but tells me she still sees a future with me My girlfriend [21F] broke up with me [23M] one month ago. We'd been together for 1 year in total. It absolutely shattered my heart especially since she is my first love and meant everything to me. I have some emotional baggage that I am dealing with right now, and it lead to me saying some awful stuff to my ex once whilst drunk which resulted in her wanting to break up - which I completely understand, because I could have prevented it by not taking the chance drinking that one night. But now she keeps saying that she is sure I am the man she wants, but that I need to change before she wants to talk to me again. She tells me she doesn't want to let go of me entirely and doesn't want me to let go of her entirely either whilst I am working on myself. I've been having an extremely hard time the last month, and yesterday I broke down and texted her that we needed to let go of each other (I didn't call since she doesn't want to talk to me). I couldn't bear the thought of prolonging stuff just for the inevitable to happen one day - her finding and moving on with someone else. It would absolutely destroy me after getting my hopes up. I began to feel like a ""project"" she was having on the side working on himself fighting for that little hope shes been giving me, whilst shes out clubbing 2-3 times a week and never contacting me (an option she could just come back and choose whenever she wants). When I told her yesterday that I felt like it was best to let completely go she got very upset and told me that I needed to get my shit together and just become a better man for her, and how dare I let go after what I've done etc., and almost made me feel bad for making that decision. I ended up apologizing and told her I wouldn't let go yet. I am so torn as to what to do. I love her with all my heart, but I am so afraid that doing stuff this way will end up crushing my heart. Im dealing with having this hope that one day we'll be together again whilst also constantly thinking ""is she with someone else now?"" ""am i really just an option now?"" ""does she really still love me like she says?"" ""will she move on soon even after what shes saying?"". 

TLDR; Girlfriend broke up with me. Says she still sees a future with me when I've changed and dealt with my emotional baggage. She doesn't want either of us to let go. I now feel like this ""project"" on the side who is working on himself and fighting for a possible future of the relationship, whilst shes out and doing what seems like ""moving on"". I dont know how to handle it."
relationship_advice "My fiancé (25M) friends hate me (23F) Basically the title. His friends don’t like me and talk major crap about me. It feels horrible. 

My fiancé and I had a falling out during December of last year. We took a three week break from each other and got back together. We decided to go to couples therapy and work on our relationship problems. We’re better than ever now. We’ve both taken large steps to improve our relationship and we set another date. We even got the green light from the counselor. 

His friends, however, now hate my guts. They didn’t like me much before because I “took away their boy”, but it’s gotten worse. 

They’ve resulted to talking major crap about me to the entire friend group. Make fun of my fiancé for being “blind to her red flags.” Post things on Facebook about how he’s making a mistake etc. They don’t explicitly state his name but it’s implied. 

I don’t understand why they hate me so much. I think I deserve at least their respect and my fiancé deserves their support. I’ve been incredibly loyal to my fiancé. I’ve never laid a hand on him. It was the wedding planning and stress of it that got to us before. It made us realize our other relationship problems so that’s why we decided we need professional therapy to help us get through it. 

I don’t know what to do about them. It really hurts, but I don’t want it tell him to get rid of his friends even though they are saying that he should get rid of me."
relationship_advice "Should I (M21) initiate contact with her (F19) Long story short i met this girl online and we kicked off immediately. For the first two weeks we called, talked, facetimed etc. and everything was really great. Only this was she warned me she recently broke up with her ex and wasn’t sure if she was ready to start a new relationship. After two weeks we went on a date and we had some pretty deep conversations and we had a great time. She initiated a second date a week later and everything was going great except for the fact that she still had doubts if she was ready and she said that when she tought about it she realized that the hurt from her ex breaking up with her was more present than she first thought. After around a month of dating calling and texting she told me she was very sorry but she wasn’t ready yet and had to work on herself first. All of this happend in around a month. Right now we are a month of no contact later and i am doubting if i should text her again. A part of me thinks i should let her come to me when she is ready, but another part of me thinks that I have nothing to lose and that I should show her she still is on my mind. What is your guys’s advice?"
relationship_advice "My (26F) father (65M) is angry at me for being a vegetarian and a ""picker"" I (F26) need help, I don't know what's going on/going wrong in my life at the moment. I'm at a loss on how to deal with this, or to give my point of view. I'm trying to add everything that I remember, after all, it's been a few years, before it seeped into my life now. There seems to be a lot to it, according to my dad. (I do go to therapy, have been for 7 years now)

My father (65) is pretty angry with me because I chose to be a vegetarian 12 years ago. After initial issues with him and my brother (My father tried to hide sausage in my food, brother tried to sell a chicken burger as a Veggieburger) I thought, that I was finally accepted for what I chose to eat and what I wanted to stand for. For years now, nobody but my ""Family in law"" or classmates said a word about my choice to remove certain foods from my list. My friends and my family didn't say a thing. On Christmas last year, I was invited to a steakhouse, after some adjustments (Agoraphobia) I was able to attend. I was upset, but I did go, because of family and the knowledge of the aftermath that would happen, if I were to dip out.

Now, I am suffering from borderline as well, with certain symptoms involved too. By now, I'm down to picking at my skin. Definitely not at Kelly's level, good lord.

The issue now is, that my father went to visit me 2 days ago and everything went fine. He drank a coffee, smoked 2 cigarettes, and we talked a bit about cooking (we both love to cook). When he went home, he called me and told me that my legs are unsightly and that he would've loved to leave the moment he saw them. He is right in the point, that my legs could look better, but I smack them all the time, I pick at them and I suck at shaving, it seems. Also, IMO it's still better than to hurt my body on purpose.

The issue is, that instead of accepting, that I am sick in my head and that I am working on it, he thinks it's me being a vegetarian, that causes SHAVING-Pimples and that once I eat meat and fish again, this will subside. I know, that it will not. It's something else I need to work with, at therapy. I told him as much, but he insists, that I need to go back to ""normal"" for my pimples to not get picked at. I asked my friends how those pimples come to exist, and they all agreed on this: Either skin, dull blade or no shaving cream. In the end, it doesn't matter why I get them, just why I pick at them. My father is very adamant, that I'm picking at them, because I'm a vegetarian? I told him, it's because I cannot stand the bumps. I feel like a 3 y/o posting this, but it's starting to piss me off, and before I explode, I'd rather ask for advice how to handle this. How do I explain to him, that it's a symptom, rather than my diet? How do I get him to listen to facts, instead of his opinion? I tried to send him the chats with my friends, I explained it to him, and I even sent him a page off of Google that explains how to avoid shaving pimples. I even explained my symptoms and other borderline issues. None of those got him off my back about being a vegetarian...

TL;DR: My father blames being a vegetarian on having shaving pimples and me picking at them, instead of suffering from borderline, and me being annoyed by bumps on my skin and picking at them.

Marked as 18+ because of SH. I'm also not searching for help with my mental health, just this specific situation that was caused by it. I'm sorry, if this still breaks the rules."
relationship_advice "My (F39) husband (M40) used a toxic meme to try and make fun of me this morning...  Fisrt some context: In case you don't know Miley Cyrus and Shakira had new songs last month that were talked about a lot. Like a LOT. Both were dissing their respective ex partners and talked about how they don't really need them and all that female empowering stuff. I personally didn't like the Shakira song but thought that the Miley one was kind of ok. I even used it on a TikTok once. But other that than I have not posted or said anything about the songs or what they mean or stand for.

Well today is Valentine's Day. As a couple we have NEVER celebrated it. It's not our thing. I have never asked for flowers or chocolates or anything for this particular day.

So we were finishing breakfast and he was looking at his phone, and I guess someone sent him a meme about how since we (women) have been saying that we can buy ourselves flowers (a lyric from the Miley song) and that we make our own money (from one of the lyrics from the Shakira song) that we should not expect or demand anything from them (men) today... And he dead ass looked at me and said those words to me...

I was confused at first. I said that I didn't ask for any of those things ever. But he kept repaeting that ""we can buy our own flowers"" and it was in a very rude tone. Then he was like you have all been claming this things in those songs all of last month now don't ask for things... And I asked him when did I say any of that? And he lied! He claimed I had said the things in the Shakira song (the song I don't even like!!). I asked him to show me where in my social media I had done those things... And he just kept repeating the same thing ""you make money, you can buy your own flowers, go be independent"" or something like that...

By this point I got mad. I never ask for anything for this day! NEVER! I don't know if he was like trying to make a stupid ""man"" joke but I felt really hurt that he would do it like that.

I had actually planned to take him out for tacos tonight...

I feel so hurt and angry at the same time... Why would he use a meme that does not apply to me like that?

I don't know how to feel. Or what to do...

Anyone got any advice??

I legit almost ordered me some flowers and wine just to spite him. I thought of going to the movies alone. I even thought of just going to get me my tacos without him... But I know that's just the little petty demon inside me.

TL:DL My husband hurt my feelings by using a meme to try and make into a toxic wife stereotype."
relationship_advice "25M - 22F Should I wish her a good San Valentine? I'm dating this girl that is studying in another city. We dated 6 times and we're in the kissing phase and we'll meet in a city half way so very likely we will sleep together in 10 days. Should I wish her a good San valentine? We're still not in a relationship so I don't know what to do and how to act. We kissed and texted something sweet but never talked about a relationship even tho it seems a serious thing."
relationship_advice "Best friend (34F) told me (34F) that she is in love with me and I’m unsure how to proceed. This is my first time posting on Reddit so bare with me. 
My best friend and I have been inseparable for over 24 years. We met in elementary school and grew up together, I view her as a sister and my family all views her the same way. I am single with no plans to ever marry or have children, while she has been married to her husband for 10 years. We do everything together; talk daily, hang out weekly, she’s the only person who knows everything there is to know about me. 
This past week she came over and was acting off. I kept asking what was wrong, and after a lot of prying she finally came clean and told me she was not in love with her husband and that she thinks she would be happy with a woman. I have always suspected this due to some other things that have happened in the past, but didn’t push her to “admit it” as it’s not my place. But then it came out the woman she had in mind was me, that she had been thinking about me sexually and was pretty move in love with me. I was so shocked but played it cool and just let her know I am not curious about my sexuality and I know I am not attracted to women whatsoever. She immediately began to panic and I let her know it was not a big deal, I was not angry or grossed out (her words) and that I didn’t care who she loved, I just wanted her to be happy. 
However, now that some time has passed I realized how overwhelmed I am by her admission and have been on the verge of a panic attack the past two days. I love her to death and have no plans of ending a 20+ year friendship, but I feel like a huge bomb was dropped on me and I can’t take any time to myself to process it because I’m afraid to upset her. She’s been calling and texting me nonstop and if I don’t respond fast enough she starts panicking and asking what’s wrong. I want to be considerate of her feelings, but not at so great an expense of my own. Any advice or insight on how to move forward with her and address my own emotions without feeling  like a horrible friend would be greatly appreciated."
relationship_advice "(m37, f40) Dealing with insecurities about partners ex I'm struggling to deal with jealousy over my current partners ex. The back story: 

We met on match and texted/ talked for about a week before we decided to meet in person.  Everything went great. We really hit it off. This was right around Christmas so we both had lots of time off from work and spent alot of time together.  We are so similar/ compatible it's a little scary.  Although very soon (I've heard how bad of idea this was but not the focus here so keep that opinion to your self) we decided to move in together a few weeks later.  We just align so well and want all the same things. 

Been living together for almost a month and things are great.  I truly love her but I'm struggling feeling like I will never live up to her ex. I don't know why.  I've never felt like this before with anyone else.  Her and ex where in a long distance relationship for 4 years and engaged to be married.  Because of the distance, they knew each other extremely well because they talked alot.  They had a lot in common from my understanding of it.  It also didn't end badly for them.  He grew apart and she ended it. Actually it sounds too me kinda mutual.  

She tells me all the time how much she loves me and how amazing I am and I truly believe that's how she feels. She doesn't done on and on about him.  Sure, he's came up in conversation but so has my ex. But, why am I so insecure about the ex?"
relationship_advice "I (19M) forgot my boyfriend’s (20M)birthday . As the title says... I've fucked up. I'm such a horrible boyfriend. 

Me and my boyfriend have been good out for a few months... Long distance, never met each other but we're close.. We both depend on each other for comfort and we're still in like the honeymoon fase where we're so in love... Until last night. I don't know how, but I forgot that it was his birthday today... I had a set reminder, but he asked about it before it reminded me.. He's ignoring all my texts and apologies. Please, what can i do to fix this... I love him so much and I'm just a horrible fuck up boyfriend. 

Tia"
relationship_advice "My (22F) ‘man’ (23M) didn’t acknowledge Valentine’s Day at all with me Hi everyone,

So I’m british, and I met this American guy last year. He partially lives here and america because of the situation between his parents. He hit me up when he was back in the U.K. which was last November and we’ve hit it off ever since. It was quite clearly just a sneaky link thing to me at first because of his complicated situation. But he started to call me his girl and say he didn’t feel threatened by any men very soon on as we were getting really close, opening up to each other and honestly he has really helped me with my mental health and I have also always been there for him. Out of all the men I’ve talked to he’s definitely the most self aware and least insecure. He hasn’t missed a single good morning since the start of November, calls me and takes massive interest in my hobbies. 
Today is Valentine’s Day and I realised as it was coming up he didn’t acknowledge it at all. I saw a funny tweet about it 2 weeks ago and sent it to him and he gave me a ‘haha’ and immediately changed the subject. Today, he didn’t say good morning, he randomly called me to complain about his piercing… then sent me a tiktok that Duolingo had posted as a joke for Valentine’s Day… but he never acknowledged it with me? I realise our situation isn’t going to last as he’s moving away but we have been SO intimate emotionally and physically that I think even as a joke it would be cute to give a card, invite me over (which he usually is so keen to do?), or a rose lol. I’ve spent loads of my time and money driving to his house, driving him places (as he hasn’t got a car here) and bought him a souvenir when I went on holiday. I realise we won’t last forever but he’s genuinely been there for me and he’s sent me paragraphs expressing how much I mean to him. The only reason I didn’t take it upon myself to message him first or offer to spend the day together is I wanted to see what he would do as I did realise he is ‘taking’ a lot from me and not giving anything. Even at his house, all he offers me is water, to smoke, and occasionally some sweets. He’ll never order food or offer me food. We went out on a ‘date’ once where he paid but honestly it didn’t compare at all to the time and energy I’m putting in just to make sure he has a friend here in the U.K. and show how grateful I am for him at the moment. 

I’m not mad today because I kinda expected it but I didn’t want to believe he’d completely ignore it lol. I’m just curious do you guys think I’m being delusional and expecting too much. And reasonably, what should my next steps be? Bare in mind he’s been an amazing friend to me. Genuinely done no wrong, I’ve never been respected as much as he has respected me. He also is quite a homebody and his mental health is concerning… he doesn’t go out much and it feels strange to know if I cut him off he’ll have no one until he goes back to the US. also I feel awfully strange and I don’t want to harshly cut him off but I also feel embarrassed/disappointed and used :(

For me Valentine’s Day is for everyone, my step dad wished me today, my family, my friends, so I’m kinda hurt that someone I’m so romantic with couldn’t even make a tiny gesture. Happy to answer any questions or fill gaps if anyone has anything they’re wondering

TLDR: How do you react to your ‘man’ who isn’t your man completely ignoring Valentine’s Day?"
relationship_advice "[21M][21F] Looking for advice in regards to breakup 

I was in a relationship of 2 yrs, which ended 6-8 months ago. 

I have been friends with her for over 9 years, and she's my best friend, every small thing which happens makes me run towards her to tell her about it, I am still in touch with her.

I made mistakes in the relationship of not being more vocal and expressive, totally my fault, hence it came to an end. I do believe like everyone else does usually after a breakup, that it can be fixed, but I support it with the long friendship and understanding we have, even now after all this. 

I am still in love with her, she isn't, and has moved on. She is more than okay with being friends, however I am not considering I still have feelings for her.

I am still young I know, but I feel very old school when it comes to breakup, I believe to completely move on and be okay with it will take me years. 

I am stuck between making a decision:
1. Stay friends, be sad with the expectations
2. Break off, be sad with letting go of such a great bond which seems non replaceable and something which will make me very sad

So in both stances, I feel I will end up sad. What are your opinions on it? What should I do?

Tldr: Friends for 9+ yrs, in relationship for 2+ years, broke off. Should be friends or not, what else are the options to go about?"
relationship_advice "How do I [20M] become a better boyfriend to my gf [21F] Hello,

Me and my gf recently had a very big fight that blew too far and we've settled it now, and I want to try better now. I understand the advice question seems pretty vague but that's it. Previously I just used to be me and she used to like me a lot, but we were kids and now we've grown up (at least she has) and I feel like I haven't kept up with her.

I used to be playful to her jokes even if they were a bit offensive towards me, but now for a long time I become bitter and lash out. I remember every fight we ever had and keep bringing them up even if they were resolved. I've changed for the worse, but she's my world and I want to try better. 

I saw a lot of pointers online on this stuff but I hoped someone would be able to give specific advice to the following,

Anger Issues
Impulse Check
Taking everything serious
and Blowing things out of proportions

I realise I've become a very shitty boyfriend lately because previously her friends used to be jealous of her having such a nice boyfriend and now she has to hide from them that she's still dating me because they hate me so much. I can't redeem myself in everyone's eyes, but I'd rather try my best and be an ass than not try just to not make an ass of myself. My roommate suggests meditation and joining a gym, I'll try my best at those two. It would be really helpful if someone could give me pointers for those 4 things.

And if you've redeemed yourself in your SO's loved one's eyes, can you tell me how you managed that? I really can't hurt her anymore."
relationship_advice "Should I M21 go over her F20 house? m21 been talking to this f20 i met a few weeks ago. We had 2 dates and slept with each other on the second one. We were supposed to have another one last night where we went to dinner then staying over her house after, but we had to cancel since she got really sick due to her blood sugar spiking.

She's fine today so I decided to try and reschedule another date for either today or tomorrow. Tomorrow she's busy and normally on tuesdays she has a tradition where her best friend comes over and they hang out but she invited me and said I'm more than welcome to come over as well.

So should I go? It's not going to be much of a date since her friend is there but if it's something normally just her and her best friend do maybe that means something? I have flowers I got her for last night I could give her today but not sure if that would be awkward since her friend is there."
relationship_advice "My GF (25F) and I (22M) have different love languages. So, I love my girlfriend. Best and healthiest relationship I've been in so far, I'm healing from past troubles and I wouldn't give this up for the world. But her main love language is physical touch, and my main love language is gift giving.
As long as I can remember I've always been fairly adverse to anyone touching my face, messing up my hair, or poking me. Other touch was still uncomfortable for me (hugs, a hand on the arm or shoulder) and the less uncomfortable things quickly get overwhelming when prolonged for more than a brief period.
Back to the present, any time we spend together shes right up on top of me. Laying on half my body, the typical stuff I guess. But there's things she does (like wanting multiple small kisses back to back, or squeezing my leg repeatedly, or rubbing like my stomach or chest with her palm) that i just inexplicably hate. Laying on me, other light stuff doesn't bother me but those kinds of things just make me irrationally upset and I feel the need to fidget and move and I feel like I'm screaming silently in my brain while I want to move away. 
I hate that feeling, but I'm really not sure what to do. I've mentioned before that some touch is overwhelming for me, and she has been more mindful about it compared to when we first got together, but she still goes overboard sometimes and I feel like maybe I should say something to her again.
The main hang-up I have is that I've made the request once before, and shes holding back for my sake already. I don't want to restrict her main form of expressing love or make her feel as though I am by asking her to dial it back a little or something. But I also want to be able to spend time with her without worrying about whether I'm going to be overstimulated to the point of wanting to pull my hair out and not being able to say anything about it.
 Honestly I guess I'm just looking for anyone else's opinions, and to see if anyone else has been or is in a similar situation"
relationship_advice "Fixing my (F27) communication skills to rebuild connection in my relationship (M32) My boyfriend and I sort of fast tracked a relationship due to circumstances and moved in together very quickly. Which works out great in many, many ways. But we never figured out how to communicate with each other and it's become a problem and had led to a lack of connection in a lot of ways. I am, admittedly, not great at opening up and sharing things that happen during the day, in the past, etc, not because I'm trying to avoid it or hide it, but because it just doesnt feel important or worth bothering people about. How do you improve communication on the small, everyday stuff? Like a normal, after work evening? We've defaulted to turning the TV on as soon as we're done with work and are eating dinner which is obviously terrible for this so that needs to be the first thing to go, but that's not the whole thing. I think finding things we're both individually passionate about, and enjoy doing separately will help to, so that we have things to talk about that the other person wasn't a part of since we spend a lot of time together. 

Aside from that, how else can I work on my communication and openness? Are there any books that youve found helpful? I don't even know what I should be sharing because my life seems so mundane and pointless. But I know I want to work on this to try to fix these problems so I'm trying."
relationship_advice "20F, gifting 20M 
we just moved in together, weve been dating for 6 months, and i currently have $30 to my name to spend on him for vday. this man has done so much for me, he cleans, cooks, and hes gr8 in bed and ive never spiritually connected with someone so intensely before. he is currently the love of my life and i would do anything to show him i love him. so, HELP ME. i suck at showing my lvoe for him, i have an anxious attachment style but i feel avoidant asf a lot too.

I DONT HAVE ANY GIFTS. Im going to cut up paper and write tiny notes and go to the dollar store and put it in a jar but bro!!! Ive barely gotten him shit, barely paid for his meals since we started going out. Ive been broke asf. so idk what to do, i think i need gift ideas or just an idea to show him i love him for a silly holiday like valentines day."
relationship_advice "My gf (24f) doesn’t post us or me (25m) on her socials My gf and I (25m) have been together for a little while now and she used to post her ex like crazy and still has all those posts up on her socials but hasn’t posted anything about us or me. I know this is stupid because I have never really cared before this but I post her occasionally. I know some people are private but she posts quite often on all her socials and like I said her socials are full of posts made for her ex. I don’t want this to bother me but it has she even posted a picture with someone she had a crush on but never dated. She has posted some stuff on some of her stories but nothing really permanent and some stuff on Facebook but it’s usually with groups of people or with other photos"
relationship_advice "Breakup help! I (f34) don’t know how to resolve our recent breakup (m27) Has anyone ever broken up with you because they had poor boundaries and were a bit of a people pleaser so never told you what was going wrong for them? I abruptly was dumped by my bf and I feel like there are so many words I want to say to him about how he hurt me in the ending of our rship - part of why I want to say the things is because HE RESENTS ME because of his people pleasing (he was putting me first and denying himself, abandoned himself but is blaming me or relationship for that). I just don’t feel I deserve the resentment and not sure how to resolve the pain. 

He isn’t ready to speak to me but hasn’t heard really how I feel. Is it worth trying to build a bridge? Is it worth it to just let it go completely and not go into stuff - I mean, he couldn’t handle to honesty and have communication in the rship I’m sure it will only be the same problem now? 
Thoughts and advice please!"
relationship_advice "Me (21m) gf (22f) Am I being manipulated? Please be honest with me I wanna hear the truth and nothing but…

I’ve been with my girlfriend for almost 4 years. We both love each other a lot and things have been great. For the most part we communicate really well. But we had a fight about something and things just haven’t been the same since. (This was like 8 months ago) she this whole time has been still upset about it and just hasn’t express that she was upset about it. Anyway she because best friends with my sister in that time. Which when she started hanging out with my sister I asked her please make friends with someone other than my sister. 

Some backstory on my sister, she is a great friend. But she is also a terrible influence and only really cares about her self. She has never been my supporter in facts is she could drag me down and step on me she won’t hesitate. There’s been multiple occasions where she is in my girlfriends ear bad mouthing me. She has even said that she likes stiring drama in our relationship.

Flash forward to the present. My gf started a gym regimen with my sister. It threw red flags for me because she is an athletic person but she hasn’t worked out since high school when we first started dating. And what was even more baffling to me is she would go every day (not miss a day, and would be gone for 2-3 hours at a time. 


I eventually had a talk with her and asked her to please not be friend with my sister because it’s really not making me feel good. And she agreed and said I was more important. So another week or 2 goes by and she still been going to the gym but I bring her now (she got into a car accident) and she goes for far less time… now her birthday was recently and she wanted to go out. Now when I talk to her about going out or my sister I always stress and emphasize it’s not going out it’s my sister and her friends influence that I don’t want her around. 

She tells me she wants to go to the bar for her birthday. I didn’t like it because I knew she was going with my sister. (The whole day leading up to this her phone was blowing up from my sister trying to get her to come to the bar) I told her I can’t stop you but I can express how I feel and that’s very upset. And she said okay I’m
Sorry and went anyway. 

I packed all her shit and was ready to breakup with her at that point because I felt disrespected.
When she got home we had a huge long talk that I think went constructive but my issue with this long talk. She didn’t come to me and wanna talk she just asked if she should leave and started crying. She then went and isolated herself once I told her I felt better and I turned into the one saying sorry. A lot of the times in arguments/conversations I find myself being the sorry one while she cries about how I’m not doing the “little things” for her, I feel like I am being manipulated and or disrespected but I just need some other opinions on this."
relationship_advice "long story, My(m27) GF(f22), whom I work with, lied and left me for another man. need some advise how to move on Long story, but here we go. So it all started about 2 years ago when I transferred stores due to COVID. Honestly when I first saw her I didn't think much of it, figured it was just normal butterflies meeting new people. We started talking and getting along in a professional manner and actually work really well. While that was happening we had found ourselves talking more and more each time we worked together. I come to find out she has a BF that she lives with as well as her brother. I'm not bummed or anything as I didn't really develop romantic feelings for her yet, but rather a good friendship. 

Fast forward about a year or so and she says her and her BF are broken up. She said she couldn't take him ignoring her, constantly yelling and fighting, you know the usual kinda stuff people vent about. But she can't move out due to lease/financial issues. I listened and sympathized with her. How could I not feel bad? I couldn't imagine living with an ex. I suggested she maybe move back in with her mom or dad or relative. She said she and her mom do not get along at all and her dad is out of state. And on top of that she can't drive cause she never got her license. And actually gets rides from her ex for work. Then she dropped a big bombshell, at this point in time she went to the doctors to check out a bump and it turned out to be cancer. I sympathized and said if she needs any support I'll always listen. At this point when we started working together more, we have started talking more again. We both come to find out we have a LOT in common. Like, we almost enjoy doing the exact same things very deeply. And as we work together she has vented how she has a crush on some guy and can't wait to move out of her place to get away from her ex. So me being me, I teased her a bit and told her to pursue whoever it may be cause we all deserve to be with someone we enjoy being with.

Fast forward a couple months, one day we had a couple drinks after work and hung out going outside disc golfing and really enjoying it. After it started to get dark we ended up back at her place while her ex was working. We got along great and had a great time. She told me she's never told anybody this much about herself and that I know her better than anybody else. I even met her Bro she lives with and we even hit it off. I go to leave and on the drive home I realized I'm starting to fall for this girl, but not super hard, cause she still lives with her ex and I don't want to start a relationship like that. I figured there's still probably some lingering feelings even if she complains and says how terrible he is all of the time. 

Fast forward a couple more weeks, we ended up hanging out a bit more. One night again while having a couple drinks after work, she ended up kissing me. And then she says ""wanna take a guess who my crush was?"" I couldn't believe it, I felt great and so happy that she actually liked me. So I told her, ""I'm glad you like me cause I like you too... But I don't want to do anything, or pursue further when you're still living with your ex."" I had to put my foot down on that. But to my surprise she smiled at me and said, ""I understand, I'd be sceptical too if someone I liked lived with an ex.""

A few more weeks go by; when we work we flirt more. Are much closer with our bodies and body language. Compliment each other non stop. Tease each other nonstop. We end up hugging more and more and kissing a little more. Hanging out just a little bit more, playing games with each other when we're both at our homes. Going out every now and then. Snaping and messaging a lot. We have become a thing and we both have talked to each other and said we only have eyes for one another and want this to be a thing.

A couple more weeks forward, around the start of January, she says her ex is going crazy throwing things around the house and yelling etc... and she doesn't want to be in her home right now. (THIS IS WHERE I BELIEVE I MAY HAVE GONE WRONG) I just listened and let her talk through it all.. I didn't offer to come get her to stay at my place cause I didn't want a situation where she ends up ""moving in"" with me right away. I very much like my space and need to slowly have someone integrate into it. She again said she can't wait to leave her house. The next day at work I asked how she was/how the rest of the night went. She said her brothers friend(we will call him JK) came over and they ended up going to his house and staying the night with him and his roommates... Now. I wasn't the biggest fan of that, but I understood why she and him wanted to get out that night. But it still bugged me she was at another dude's house for the night, even though her own brother was there. I did my best to just let it go, cause nothing seemed different with her too much. Then one day at work she says, ""I feel like you don't want me, you don't talk as much and have been distant."" I didn't really know what to say. I felt like we were still getting along and hitting it off.sure I was a little uncomfortable with her being at JK's house. So I told her pretty much just that and added ""I'm sorry you feel that way, I feel like we've really been getting along great and getting to know each other more and more deeply. But is there anything I can do to help make you feel better?"" She said she wanted to know that I want her, so I reaffirm that I do, but also remind her I don't want to pursue anything more until you are out of your ex's. She seems to accept this and we move on with the day.

Fast forward to the middle of January. I come to find out the brothers friend JK that came over and then had them stay, was indeed a friend of her bros, but also one of her exes from middle school. That flipped some kind of switch in me. It was middle school, so I though oh no big deal. But at the same time... Still an ex. Regardless I still told her I care and hope that she can find a place sooner rather than later and we can really move forward in our relationship, and start it in a more healthy manner. Around now is when I notice, she doesn't message back as much. And when she does, there's massive gaps of time between. So while at work I ask if she wants to go out for the night. She said she would, but she had plans. This set off another alarm in my head, she almost never makes plans, as she only has about three very close friends and she always tells me about what's going on with them. When I asked what her plans were, she just said ""oh, just hanging out."" I had to let it go cause we were at work and got busy. 

Now at the end of January. She comes into work, doesnt seem like much is different. But I was feeling particularly down as I received bad news regarding my dad's health. So I grab her and just hold her. She holds back, she said that was really nice and want to cuddle and be held more, and she really wishes we could do more. I had to reiterate again, I want to wait till she is out of her exes house till we take the next step, I feel like it's be unwise and unhealthy to start this with an ex in the picture. I also was somewhat put off noticing she has been wearing newer clothes and different scents.

Now at the begining of February, she has become very distant, even more spaced in our messaging and she can never seem to hang out/go out for the night unless I plan way far ahead. So I just ask one day after work, can I come over and we can just talk? She said yes. I go over and I just end up asking it. ""Is there a thing between you and JK?"" She looks me in the eyes and says ""not really, no. It's definitely not anything you need to worry about. He's just been super nice and understands how bad my ex can get. But I will cut him out 100 percent of it makes you feel better."" I accepted it as she looked me in the eyes and made no other indication of being unsure or lying. I however didn't say to cut him out 100 percent, I'd like to try to come to a compromise, but for right now it'd be nice to know that you want me and only me. Later in in that same night, we were in the couch cuddled up, kissing, and  watching TV and having an amazing time. Then her phone goes off. I see it on the table. The name that pops up is ""Bae AF"".. my gut sank. I asked who was calling and she reluctantly said it was JK. I asked why is his name Bae AF in your phone. She says I don't know. I asked what does that mean? How do you not know? She just kept saying I don't know. I asked her if I could see what they have been messaging about and she said nothing... Just stared blankly. I asked once more and she said, I don't really ever talk to to him, I ignore almost all of his calls see? She then proceeded to show me a whioping ""one missed call"" on snap. But while she was scrolling to get there I spotted a bunch of heart emojis and said for her to stop and let me see what they were talking about. 

I lost it..  they were calling each other babe and sending kiss/heart emojis. How they enjoyed spending time with one another and how great each night was. Then one message in particular how JK was saying he loves cuddling her through the night a few nights ago. I said I feel betrayed, you lied to me, how can you do this etc.... I put her phone down and said ""Fuck you"" and left. She ran out to my car saying please wait, I love you and I just want a minute to talk."" I slammed the door in her face and left. She messaged me later saying she's not going to be coming into work for the next couple days. As well as ""please respond I feel in love with you so hard."" To which I responded, ""I think you can understand that I'm going to need time to say anything, plus I'm sure JK is heading over rn anyways.""  To which she responded, ""awfully bold of you to assume that, seeing as I said I'd cut him out of my life for you, but I understand you need time to say anything. But just know I won't be in for work for the next two days, cause I don't think it's a good idea to see each other.""

A couple days pass. We see each other for the first time since it all happened. We haven't messaged or talked at all since. I am indeed mopey and angry, but can work. So that's what we do, we work. About halfway through I ask if she wants to talk about it after we're done and can give her a ride home. She agrees and says she'll message her ex to let him know she doesn't need a ride. So we start talking after work. I ask what's going on. She just shrugs and says, I don't know, I'm bad at talking. So I just ask, are you still talking to JK? She says she's not and she even deleted Snapchat. I asked if she wants to even try to be in a relationship and she says, she doesn't know what to do and she feels like I can't trust her. To which I agreed, I said she broke my trust and if this is gonna work, we both are gonna have to put in a lot of work and openly communicate.  So I asked for nothing but open honesty. And I wanted to see if she really did stop talking to JK. She showed me that Snapchat wasn't on her phone, and she even started to type it in her search bar. And there was app info for Snapchat. I asked her to click on it. She did. And it said Snapchat is installed. So i ask how she messaged her ex to let him know you don't need a ride(she exclusively uses snap to message him). She stayed silent for almost a full minute before saying ""I guess Snapchat"" so I looked her in the eyes and asked what's going on? She paused for about another min before saying, ""JK came over for the night after you left cause no one would talk to me and I was cutting myself because of you!"" She had lied so much at this point, I'm not proud of what I said next. I asked her to show me her cuts. And she refused and left my car and walked away. She never even apologized for anything she did and tried to blame it all on me.

I don't believe she did harm herself. But I still felt kind of bad. I hurt so bad, I genuinely thought I found a girl who could accept me for who I am and what I want for a relationship. Regardless I have done no contact other than work talk to figure out the schedule and new hires. And at work I don't talk to her unless it's needed for work. But now work is so painful to see her on her phone smiling all of the time, now getting rides from JK. We don't talk anymore. We don't have fun at work anymore. She and I are extremely important to the operation of the company though. And we both kind of need this job. But I don't know what to do here. I'm trying to move on, I don't want to try to salvage this. But it's so hard to do that when I have to see her almost every day. The damage is unrepairable in my eyes. She seems to have moved on already with JK while I'm just left behind alone again. The second day was the worst in terms of me showing my sadness. After that I've just been keeping distance at work and not talking to her. Any advise would be awesome, sorry for the essay. Thank you for reading this all"
relationship_advice "I (25M) am doing long distance with my partner (23M). Any advice? Or things I need to know? Pretty general and not coming with a specific scenario, but my boyfriend and I are going to be in a long distance relationship (700 miles) for likely the next 2.5 years while he finishes his PhD.

We plan on seeing each other fairly often (once a month to once every month and a half) which won’t be that difficult given his family lives where I am and I have the funds to fly back and forth to visit him.

Wanting to hear from other folks who had successful (or not so successful!) long distance relationships and what challenges to watch out for/tips to make the relationship work.

We’ve been together for 3 months and it’s been smooth sailing so far; we’re both extremely communicative. But just want to know if there’s anything I should expect as this is the first time I’ve been in a LDR and I’d never considered it before.

Thanks in advance."
relationship_advice "I (28m) feel uncomfortable with my GF action (28f) I met my girlfriend (let's call her J) through my friend (let's call him V) it's kind of long and quite complicated, hope you can bear with me. 

So me and V have been an acquaintance for couple years through mixed gaming group, but only the last 2 to 3 years we became closer since we play the same game. The last 3 years we played together V introduced me to J, which V called J his cousin. And I'm like cool new gaming friend.

As time goes, J showed her interest in me. Since we don't live in the same city, I try to meet her to confirm that. Couple weeks after that we officially going out. After that J told me she isn't V's cousin. They are high school friend and business partner (the flag that I should have notice and act on sooner, yeah I'm dumb). J asked me to not telling anyone yet about our relationship because it's still early and kind of awkward since we only met two times (another flag I chose to ignore, yeah I'm dumb)

Fast forward couple months ago, I tried to call my girlfriend earlier (we almost always call each other but quite late into the night), then she suddenly rejects my call. Later that night she explained that V saw my name on her phone and got angry. V asked what her relationship with me, and why I called my GF. GF explained to V that we are just friend and nothing happens. I ask GF why she just didn't come clean and said we are dating. 

Turn out V has feelings for J and have said it to her in the past. My GF said she just can't see V as love interest and she 'softly' rejects V by saying and I'm paraphrasing ""let's develop our business first before discussing about this thing"". I'm trying to understanding her because she said she didn't want it to becomes awkward between GF and V, because they meet everyday because work (they have cafe together with 3 other peoples). 

Fast forward to last week, I decided to visit her because it has been a while. This is the start where I feel very uncomfortable in how my GF act. 

First their cafe has taiyaki menu, GF order it to eat and then V took the taiyaki that GF's has bite before. GF ordering some dessert but didn't finish it, then V took the bowl and eat it using GF's spoon. Sometimes they drink from the same bottle and same straw. GF's house is their office as well so V always spend sometime in GF's house often till 11 pm. That day I was invited to their office and I was said I can sleep at their couch office, since I didn't buy hotel for my last night at the city because my plane was very early in the morning and the office is really near the airport. That night before V went home, he was saying goodbye to GF, he actually open GF's bedroom and saying goodnight before went home without knocking GF's door. 

As a reference we all born and live in Asian country. When I saw GF and V lack of boundary, I feel really uncomfortable, jealous, and confused. I'm jealous but it's just a small part of my feelings, I'm more uncomfortable because the lack of boundary and reprimand from GF to V especially when I was there. I'm scared that V think that it's a matter of time they started going out.

I'm confused because I don't want to be a selfish+controlling BF, or if I don't understand their culture or boundary because we are raised in different city. But I feel like when I was there I'm just a third wheel between GF and V. I went from midweek to weekend, and I rarely spend time privately with GF because GF prioritize her work with V, even after work shift ended she didn't try to excuse herself at meet with me. 

I'm seriously don't know what to do, I've think couple scenario like GF actually have feelings for V too, or she has emotional affair with V, etc. 

I wanted this relationship to move forward without beung unfair to GF and V, but I feel if it stays like this it is being unfair to me. Any advices are welcomed. 

Thanks in advance."
relationship_advice "Me [20F] and [21M] boyfriend have a happy relationship but intimate time is an issue      Me and my boyfriend have one year of relationship. I am happy with him, he always took care of me and made me feel good. It really is a relationship that I have dreamed of and I am glad that I am together with him. The only problem of our relationship is sex.
      I believe that sex plays an important role in a relationship. We were both virgins when we did it and I can say it was very special, but I could never get him to finish no matter how hard I tried. 
      I talked to him about how I can plesure him in bed, I also looked for advice on the internet, but nothing worked. I know this affected him a lot, he even started smoking because of it. I was devastated when I found out. I don't want him to feel bad because of me or anyone else.
      The fact that I'm not good in bed has affected me too. I started hating myself and my body. Sometimes I feel disgusted with myself, so useless and misunderstood.
      This also affected my behavior towards him. Sometimes I'm nervous, I cry about everything, I'm jealous when he talks to prettier girls. I try to correct my behavior but sometimes I don't have the energy to speak up and I seem angry with him.
      Right now I seem repulsive when it comes to intimacy or even kissing, but the truth is I'm stressed. I feel unattractive, I feel like a lost cause and I'm afraid to make a mistake. I want to give him pleasure and make everything good. I don't want to feel like this anymore, I know it's affecting our relationship and I don't want that.
      I'm afraid that he will see me the same way I see myself. I don't want him to do that because if he does, I know he will break up with me. I don't want to give up on our relationship. I really love him and I know he loves me too.
      Sorry if my English is bad, my main language is not English, and this is also my first post on reddit.
       TL;DR - I'm not good in bed and I hate myself because of it. What can I do to increase my self-confidence and also my skills in bed?"
relationship_advice "How do I (F27) emotionally deal with no proposal from partner (M27)? My partner and I have been together for approaching 10 years, brought a house together a few years back and had our baby last year. I know it’s not the be all and end all but I’m starting to feel quite rejected by the lack of a proposal or intentions to get married on his part. 
He’s not the best at communicating about his feelings but I think he does love me. When we’ve spoke about getting married first he said after we’ve brought a house, and now it’s once renovating has been finished, but it seems a never ending project that he wants to add large costly extras onto. Neither of us believe in long engagements and wouldn’t bother getting engaged unless getting actually married was feasible, but it just seems like it’s never going to happen. I know it’s silly but I think it is beginning to effect how I feel about our relationship, I feel a bit unwanted and unlovable. Our baby has his surname and I feel vaguely othered at family things. I wouldn’t want a big expensive wedding anyway, But do want the “official commitment” of marriage- and I know he’s probably being sensible but I think some times love and passion shouldn’t always be ruled by robot logic and practicality. 
People asking when we’re going to get married is staring to feel a bit humiliating now, and I think maybe post baby hormones aren’t helping. How do I manage this? I don’t want to offer an ultimatum because I don’t agree with that, but I’m quite hurt and a bit resentful, and just generally feeling a bit sappy/needy/pathetic 
Thanks for listening to me complain if you’ve read this far 👌🏻😎"
relationship_advice "Bf (23M) broke up with me (22F) and looking for support Hi, I’m just looking for some support. My boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me 2 weeks ago. Long story short he said he had been thinking about it for months, however I asked him multiple times over the last couple of months how he felt and he never expressed this.

I don’t feel I could have done anything different - I always asked how he felt and supported him. His reasons to break up were: 

1. After 2 years in a relationship it starts to get serious (?) and you should be looking at your lifelong partner then (we are 22!?) 

2. He can’t deal with the fact I might be leaving at times for my research career 

3. He took on too many of my problems (?) 

He was selfish throughout the relationship but I didn’t see this coming.

He told me his plan was to “have a nice weekend with me then break up with me on the Sunday but it didn’t work out cause he was hungover on the Saturday so just did it then” I feel so f-ed about

I know I am only 22 but I have never had my heart broken like this before and felt so betrayed. I feel like this will cause me to never trust again, I naturally already feel I find it hard to trust people anyway.

I would like some support and some advice on how to not feel this way :("
relationship_advice "How to ask bf (M35) to go to therapy? (F31) Hi everyone! My bf and I moved in together this past august after being long distance for 3 years. Everything has been going great until i (F 31) started noticing how his(M 35) mental health regarding his current job and lack of career path have made him feel about himself. He is working on certifications to help him apply to jobs but I see him still so unhappy, and angry at the world and it’s getting to a point where I just can’t deal with this sort of negativity anymore. His road rage where he’s swearing at anyone and everyone, not taking accountability that he messed up in college not focusing on internships to help him in his career and dealing weed instead (still graduated with BS in economics but didn’t/couldn’t do anything with it), and overall just have a better attitude about life in general. He tries to play the tough guy always but deep down I know he’s just hurting and he needs to put in the work. How would you all approach this situation to suggest therapy without making him feel attacked ? He’s the type of guy that doesn’t think he ever needs therapy since he grew up in a loving home with no trauma. Any help would be appreciated"
relationship_advice "My(24M) wife (23F) is suddenly staying out until 10 in the morning. What do I do? My(24M) wife(23F) and I were highschool sweethearts and got married when I was 20 (she was 19). Our relationship has been really great thus far. We don't have a lot of conflict and when we do, we figure out solutions pretty well. Neither of us are really social people so we usually stay in and have fun dates at home. Recently though, she's been wanting to go out a lot with her friends. Every other night basically. They'll stay out super late or sometimes won't come home at all until the next morning. I tried to bring this up with her, but she said she wants to enjoy her twenties and now's the time that she gets to do that. I love that she's become more outgoing, but I can't help but worry at home when she's gone. All I get is a quick message every few hours telling me that she's safe and having fun. I don't want to be controlling, but I also don't want her out so late every other day of the week. And then when she gets home, she's always standoffish and doesn't want to engage with me or tell me what happened during her night out. And before anyone says slmething about it, I know she's not cheating. She posts on her story every half hour or something like that and she's definitely out with friends. I just want advice on how to ask her to reign it in. As I said before, I'm not a social person so I don't want to go out with her. But I don't want her home at 9 or 10 in the morning. What do I do?"
relationship_advice "How do I (28f) tell my bf (34 m) that I don’t want to live in our apartment anymore?  Tldr; Our apartment has roaches and I mentally cannot handle it anymore

Don’t get me wrong here, I love him and it has nothing to do with our relationship. We moved into this apartment only a few months ago but it was very fast and we were very desperate. We’ve found out that our building has a bad roach problem and while we keep our apartment clean we obviously still see them. 

The issue is that I’m seeing them in more and more areas that make me nervous to even sleep at night. 
We have talked about this before and have decided that we absolutely are not going to be resigning our lease when the time comes and even planning on starting to get stuff out a month before. 
Knowing this, I still fear going home everyday and I’m not sure if I can mentally handle being there everyday. I love living in our neighborhood and initially we loved the apartment. But now it feels like not a single day goes by where we don’t see one. 
I don’t know what to do and I dont want this to ruin our relationship. Genuinely its hard to even think about going there every night.  

Please be nice; this is honestly very difficult for me."
relationship_advice "I (31f) have been dating a guy (31m) for a couple years. We have never discussed officially exclusive, but we hang quite often. I have definitely had strong feelings for him and it seems mutual - but seems like when things start to go well, he backs off and goes distant for awhile. What should I do? So, I know I need to talk to him about things getting more serious, I’ve honestly just been nervous. And, when things like this happen, I feel like not even having the conversation and just moving on. I don’t know. 

For example, we will talk consistently just about everyday and hang regularly and things will be generally going well. Suddenly, he goes ghost for few days or longer and just won’t reply to me but is active on instagram. or something that really upsets me is he will look at my first story or maybe the first couple and then stop and not look at the rest. I know that seems silly &amp; childish. And, I don’t care if he doesn’t look at my story but the fact that he will look at the first one or 2 and not rest leaves me wondering. Like does he just think my stories are annoying? he just does that to everyone? is he purposely doing it? and on top of it, doing that while not replying to my texts but is obviously on his phone. Or he won’t reply to my messages on there either and we usually send each other memes and laugh at them but when he’s acting this way he just kinda completely ignores me. 

I have been toying with the idea of talking to
him about where our relationship is headed, if anywhere. I’m okay if it’s nowhere, but I feel like I should move on if that’s the case because I do really like him. It’s also the longest I have dated someone and the first time I ever felt like I might love a person in a romantic way. But, when stuff like this happens, (it’s happened a handful of times over the last year or so) it just kinda makes me want to forget it all and not put myself in a vulnerable place if the feeling isn’t mutual. 

I totally understand that he may be going through things and I have no desire to control him or force him to reply to me by a certain time. I totally get being busy, wanting space, etc. I just find this particular strange and hurtful. And it makes it seem like it might be because he is hanging out with other girls. Which wouldn’t upset me too much because like I said we have never discussed being exclusive like that. I just don’t know if it’s worth the convo if that’s the case or i should just move on?

Just looking for advice and tips on how to go about the conversation.

I think I should add that I generally just kinda play small around guys or “know my place” in a way because when it comes to my self image and dating, growing up and through most of my adulthood i was VERY insecure and would never dream of flirting with or asking a guy out because I feared rejection and was bullied for being fat most of my life. So that’s kinda where my fear of talking about things stems from.

I am way more comfortable in my skin and confident now, but that little
part of me always creeps in from
time to time. I don’t know what to say. And I feel like bringing up the social media stuff makes me seem silly or something but If i’m being honest with myself it does bother me quite a bit. 

So, I don’t know. looking for advice, tips, perspectives, etc"
relationship_advice "(23m)(22f) My girlfriend got drunk and made out with her ex. So I was a very insecure person at the start of our relationship, not because she gave me any cause to be insecure but because I felt like I didn't deserve her, so fast forward 2 years, she went to her friends graduation and her ex (it's been 4 years since they broke up and she has dated other people after him) was a mutual friend and he was there she said she drank a lot and they were cleaning up after the party she doesn't remember it happening she woke up the next Morning and saw a hickey or her neck and asked her friend and she told her that she had made out with her ex that evening they tried to stop them but they wouldn't they eventually did he went home.


So she tells me, she can barely breath she blames herself says it's the biggest regret of her life and I don't know what to do I've begged her not to cheat on me before all this I said anything but that ,and I know she wouldn't do it sober she has sacrificed a lot for me and my insecurities she's the love of my life but I can't help thinking about them I can help thinking about the actual reason she made out with him I've asked her she doesn't have anything feelings or attraction to him

What should I do?"
relationship_advice "M28 girlfriend F26 broke up with me last week and It stings so much more today. She’s been distancing herself for over a month, and we’ve lacked so much affection and communication all month after a 2 year relationship and knowing each other and being on and off for 5 (long story). Vday is a special day and it hurts knowing how much I prepared for today and it’s all going to shit. Idk what to do with my emotions I’m so hurt, and I feel so disrespected. I felt like she seemed relieved to end things even after treating her so well for over 2 years."
relationship_advice "I (M35) need help getting over my partners (F32) betrayal. I recently discovered my partner has been texting a guy on/off for nearly 3 years. She claims it was platonic (at least from her POV) they met on Omegle when she was “bored” one day. Apparently her first outing on such a site... They’ve never met in person and she used a fake name/email address to keep in touch. He sent her £160 just last summer nearly 3yrs after their initial meeting so Id say they stayed pretty close.

We’ve been together nearly 13yrs and have multiple children together. As this was coming out I also found a message from an “unknown” guy on her snapchat asking about her weekend. She claimed she has no idea who it is. I don’t know what to believe anymore and I’m finding it really hard to believe nothing more came of the Omegle guy in nearly 3yrs... My heads a mess, I want to forgive her/move on but I’m really struggling to believe her.

Anyone have any advice or similar experience?? I don’t want to be one of those people that just stays for the kids… I really love her and want to fix this."
relationship_advice "How do I 26F fall back in love with my partner 27M I unfortunately had a major panic attack a few months ago that really made me numb to most feelings. This unfortunately affected love in my relationship as well. We have been together for about a decade and are engaged. I deeply care for him but I no longer feel those giddy butterfly feelings that I did previously throughout our relationship. If you asked me what was ‘wrong’ with him, literally nothing. He is the perfect man for me and is my best friend and biggest fan. Not feeling those feelings and having the ‘deadline’ of a wedding causes me to spiral, which I’m sure doesn’t help those feeling flow naturally. He is who I’ve pictured myself with for the rest of my life, and if I were single, I’d want someone just like him. How do I ignite that spark again?"
relationship_advice "ex said he could imagine us (24m &amp;20f) in five years 
BU was a week ago, we were together for almost two years. I've been depressed for a while and just scheduled an appointment with a psychiatrist which is in about three weeks, and it's torture waiting for it ngl. 

Anyways, during the breakup he told me he loved me, he never wants to be with someone again and he never wants to like someone like that again. We also had this plushie we both loves and he chose to keep it. He said that i'm just not good for him and i guess i understand because i've been struggling a lot, for years.

After the BU i asked if we would ever see each other again and he said hopefully but not anytime soon, and later, in the moment of desperation i asked if he rlly doesn't see any chance again ever, to which he replied no to and that he just broke up with me. I then asked him to just please tell me straightup that we will never ever give it another chance ever again and confirm that we will never get back together. I saw that he replied ""i can imagine it in 5 years"" and then deleted it. We have not been talking for exactly a week, i've been doing stuff with friends and going back home today, which i'm honestly scared shitless off because i've only been on my own with the breakup for like half a day and it was awful. 

I don't know what to do, i asked him two more times on the same day (i think?) to just please tell me that there is no chance ever and he always ignored that message. I had him blocked for a tiny bit to make not texting him easier but unblocked him a couple days ago, and have been successfully not texting him which i'm scared i'll get weak when i'm alone, but i'll try my best not to text, because even for me, i want to wait at least until i had the appointment. But at the same time it's torture waiting, and i don't know what to do at home or how to make it easier to not text him when i'm alone, i already hated being home alone before the breakup. 

I want to get rid of this hope i still have, it's awful being so confused, knowing he is keeping such a, as stupid as it sounds, ""big"" inside joke type item of our relationship with him."
relationship_advice "I [F28] found out BF [M31] of 1+ year was messaging a girl 1 month at the beginning of our relationship I found out my boyfriend was messaging a girl on messenger, asking her if they knew each other, if she had a boyfriend and what looked like some flirting. It lasted for the matter of 1 conversation, but it was after 1 month we had been together. We had already said I love you to each other at that point.
I forgive him as this was the only time and he never entertained any other girl coming his way afterwards.
My question for you is WHY? I would like the perspective of men here to understand why he messaged someone (did the first steps) when you have fallen for someone else. I have given him a lot of reassurance from day 1 because I knew we were meant to be.
I think understanding why will help me come to terms with the fact that he’s not as perfect as I thought he was from the start.

(I have talked to him about this and all he said was that it meant nothing, he knows it was wrong and apologized)"
relationship_advice "My (21f) boyfriend (24m) didn't get me anything for Valentine's Day. Again. Like the title said, my boyfriend didn't get me anything for Valentine's Day. 

We've been together for almost 5 yrs and he almost never got me anything on Valentine's Day, not even flowers. This year I bought him three games that were in total 100 euros and I asked him if he wanted them. He knew that he was going to get one of those games. So when he asked me what I wanted, I literally told him that flowers would be nice. But really,  anything that shows that he thinks about me would've been nice. But you know what I got instead? Take out from our local store and some infinity roses that he bought with me a few days ago in a store. No fresh flowers like I asked. For me, when he gets something with me it's not really special anymore, he knows this. When I asked him why he didn't get some, he just blatantly told me that he doesn't like how fast they die and that's why he thinks it's stupid to buy me flowers. 

In those 5 yrs he gave me flowers when he has done some serious damage in our relationship or when I asked him to buy me flowers. It wasn't much, he bought some in our whole relationship like 5 times I guess?

Also he knows I want gifts when I specifically ask for them for special occasions.

Seriously, I just don't know what to do anymore since even telling him to get me something doesn't work.

TL;DR: Boyfriend didn't get me anything for Valentine's Day again even though he was asked to."
relationship_advice "[25 F] [25 M] [6.5 years relationship duration] There is a man I love since august 2016 , we confessed to each other but we just talk on whatsapp and phone call but we have never gone out on a date for the whole 6.5 years, bcs we are not engaged(religion thing y’all) anyway 6 months ago we had a fight and I left him bcs he is a cold person but we still in each other heart and he knows I’m waiting for him to propose and he wants that but no money, anyway I failed an important exam few days ago that we agreed to pass to flew to the US together, so I sent to him( hello, I failed) then I blocked him on everything, he made a new facebook account and sent me a message saying ( remove the block) what should I do? I’m really embarrassed of myself because of failing the exam and my childlike attitude 😭"
relationship_advice "Why does this guy [18M] hate me [18F]? There’s this guy, and I don’t really know him or have barely ever talked to him or anything but he’s always really mean to me, even though everyone who knows him says he’s the nicest person ever to them. He always walks up to my friends when I’m around them and he talks to all of them except me. I have a class with him and I always catch him looking at me, and it’s not even a subtle quick glance it’s like for minutes and when I look at him because I notice he jerks his head and looks straight. Also whenever I’m giving a presentation in class with a group, he’s looking down and then when I start talking he always jerks his head up and gives me a weird look.

Recently, I was trying to hook the computer up to a prompter and I couldn’t get it to work and I was trying to find where to plug it in, and I kept trying different plugs and he kept saying “no, no, no” in a really condescending voice like I was an idiot and he kept saying “hurry up, hurry up, hurry up” like he was 5 and all the people around him were asking what’s wrong with him and why he’s acting so rude. and then he goes “it’s not my fault she doesn’t know how to work anything”. I eventually found the plug and went to sit back down but it was really really embarrassing and everyone was looking at me.

Also, one time in class I was sitting with a friend during a break and him and his friend came up to us and his friend sat down and he wouldn’t sit down saying “no I don’t like this person” and I’m pretty sure he was talking about me since he’s friends with my friend and she didn’t hear anything—late in class we had to get signatures after asking a question in Spanish and I sat down because I was done and he came up to me and he wouldn’t make eye contact with me and he didn’t even ask me the question but I felt uncomfortable so I just signed it and he left but I just don’t get why he had to get my signature since we only needed a couple and he didn’t even ask the question and wouldn’t even look at me.

Once I was walking and on my phone and I smell this cologne and I look up and he’s brushing right up against me since he was coming from the other way, and I looked at him and he honestly looked like he wanted to murder me. He wouldn’t break eye contact so I quickly looked the other way. It was outside so it wasn’t a space issue, but it felt like a huge violation of personal space.

I’m just not sure what I did or why he’s acting like this to me when he’s nice to everyone else. What should I do?

Tldr; this guy hates me and I’m not sure why. He doesn’t have a crush because he literally looks like he wants to kill me."
relationship_advice "28m needs help in a fresh relationship with a 25f Help me

Hi everyone, I (28 m) began dating “L” (F 25) about two months ago. We went on 3 dates, and decided to make it “official”. Since making it official about a month ago, I have had thoughts that I just do not feel the spark in our relationship. Or that spark of attraction. I don’t always look forward to spending time with her. This is hard because while I don’t feel that spark, she is so sweet. So nice. So genuine. And checks off a ton of things I look for. But for whatever reason, I’m missing those butterfly’s. I feel like a huge piece of shit for rushing into a relationship because she is really into it, and seems to really like me. Anyways, Valentine’s Day is today… her birthday is this weekend… I’m suppose to meet her parents and all her friends on Saturday. It would make her really sad for me to bail on these things. And she’s so great I don’t want to see her sad. But (again I feel like a piece of shit) I feel like it’s a waste of time if I don’t see a future with her. Should I still go this weekend so I don’t embarrass her and upset her on her birthday? Do I back out before? Maybe I’ll be more attracted to her after meeting her friends and family? I’m confused. Help :(  

PS: I realize I should not have jumped into a relationship without feeling these butterfly’s. And I feel really bad about it already."
relationship_advice "I cant tell if he (20M) really has a crush on me (20F) or just being friendly So I have a crush on this guy. Well, he never confess his feelings to me, but sometimes I feel like that he has a crush on me from the way he acts. For example, he ever asked me to watch a movie together several times and he came to my house to pick me up, eventho his house is kinda far from mine. I've never seen him doing that to his other female friends. Does he really have a crush on me or is he just being friendly?"
relationship_advice "Am I[28M] actually getting dumber? I can't think logically with my GF[29F] around and can't remember what I said TLDR: I can't think logically anymore and it's gotten to the point where she can't trust me and I am just digging a hole for myself.  

We've been dating for an year and half now and it's been great but ever since what happened on last summer made it worse.

She went to LA for business trip so its 3 hr difference but we talked as much as I can, but at one point I couldn't receive any calls at all, but I can receive facetime calls, So we didn't really care that much but during the last weekend of the trip the phone problem didn't get solved and I was accused of hanging out with other people. ""Coincidentally"", she couldn't reach me just when she went out for a business trip. But a quick restart fixed everything, but I couldn't really prove this at all.

On beginning of October, It was honestly a miscommunication back then because she asked me if I was talking to any girls and I said no, and few weeks later she asked again and I said no again (I can't remember tbh). Something was bugging her so she brought up the fact that she saw a a girl's icon pop up on my contacts sharelist. In the beginning I didn't know what she was talking about so I just said probably my NSFW stuff and GF said that wasn't it. Then I realized that is a friend that commented on my instagram stories for a week and I only made small conversations, never really thought about it as if I'm talking to any girls. Therefore, I became a liar because I didn't remember or said no at first, then after she provides everything I remembered everything. 

Late October, I got into an accident, went to chiro, there as a friend\[24F\] working there and started going there since its 1 min away. I told the story to my gf and she asked me if I was close with her. Again, I don't remember what I said but apparently I said no. Probably not to start any drama, thinking I knew that a girl was working there and such.

Fast forward to end of Jan, The friend and I at the chiro were talking about church stuff since I don't go there anymore and it was some juicy gossips, so I told my GF the story too and GF asked me you had all that time to talk about those things at the chiro. I explained that there are few minutes each different sessions. So she goes on asking that ""oh so you guys gotten close since the chiro?"" And what did I say? My dumb brain can't remember what I said last time what I said and told her ""Yeah we were close"". There you go, I ""accidentally"" lied to her again. I guess this is the third time it happened but I agree with this one. So she just had to forget and move on with it.

Few weeks ago, she went on a vacation to asia so the time difference was about 14hrs. One night from her time zone, she called me while I was still asleep and just wanted to listen to my voice while she was at a rest stop. The only part that I heard/remember from my GF was ""I'll call you back when I get home"" but she didn't. So I decided to wait for her to call/text me back when she wakes up and didn't text her all day. She texted me all furious why I didn't text anything I explained that ""you said you will first but didn't, so I decided to wait"". She first explained that she'll call me back when she could. And second, even if she said what I heard, why didn't I at least check on me? She said, this can be because of two things, one, I was going on about my life not caring about my GF (hanging out with other girls) or two, I'm so narrow minded to use it as an opportunity to revenge on her for not doing her part. Of course it was number two, but my high ego couldn't let go until here and confessed, yeah it's because I think petty.

Finally, now, actually, this Sunday, She came back so I picked her up, but I forgot to bring Valentine gift for her so I said, ""Oh I'll bring it this weekend."" No intentions at all, simply because we all work and from my work to her house is more than an hour with traffic. She said fine (with disappoint), and on Monday, our team decided to work home today to celebrate Valentines, so my head, I thought ""oh I can go spend the Valentines with her today (Monday) and spend the Tuesday (today) home since I still need to go work the next day. But here was my mistake, I didn't explain all of this to her, I acted on my own. I cooked steak for us and was watching TV and then GF fell asleep around 9PM so I was just chilling by myself until 11PM and gave her a goodnight kiss and left. She said goodbye too half asleep. Today, I woke up with a call and a text from her, why did you go home yesterday? If you were gonna go home why did you even come yesterday?  So I explained again what I did and honestly, I really don't understand myself to why I acted like that myself. 

Now she is accusing me again stating that where else do you need to go other than spending time with a s/o on a Valentines Day, do you have date with another girl? I honestly, thought that it was okay, but after my GF pointing out how sus and bs this looks, I really don't know why I think so one dimensionally. She said she would understand, if I acted like this from the beginning, but she knows how logical and keen of a person I am, and suddenly I'm acting very sus and dumb doesn't make sense for her and even for myself too."
relationship_advice "I(21M) don't know how to approach her(21F) Hello guys. 

I am a student in a university, currently 21 years old, and for a few weeks now, there's a girl that I've seen around campus who I really like. She's beautiful and seems to share the same interest as me (reading books). She's not in the same class as me, but I see her often, almost every day. We don't know each other at all, we've just said ""hello"" a few times, nothing more. She seems to be around the same age as me, but I don't know anything about her, not even her name.

To be honest, this girl is totally my type, but unfortunately, I don't know how to approach women in general. I'm kinda ""ugly"", and I suffer from social anxiety, so I struggle with human relationships, especially with strangers, but I'm still young so I'm trying to fight it. In the other sider, I'm quite funny and good company when I feel comfortable with someone. So, my problem is mainly not knowing how to approach new people, the first move is always the hardest for me. I'm too afraid to ask my friends for advice, so I thought maybe Reddit could help me?

I'm not specifically looking for a romantic relationship with the girl in question (although I would like that, I'd prefer to get to know her first), so I just want an amical relationship and be her friend. But, to be honest, I don't like the usual approach of ""I saw you and I liked you, can I have your Instagram?"" things like that, I find it a bit weird, but maybe that's because of my social anxiety? I don't know.

What do you think? How should I approach her without it being weird"
relationship_advice "I [20F] don't understand why my ex-bestfriend [23F] won't be friends with me. TL;DR : My ex-bestfriend \[23F\] and I \[20F\] reconciled out friendship after not speaking to each other for an entire year. Now, she doesn't want to talk to me anymore because her SIL \[21F\] is mad that she's talking to me. I need help understanding what I'm doing wrong.

I \[then 18F, now 20F\] used to be best friends with Audrey \[then 21F, now 23F\] back in late 2020. My boyfriend \[then 19M, now 21M\] and Audrey's husband \[then 21M, now 23M\] were both in the army; my boyfriend went to basic and her husband got deployed. We kept each other company while they were gone. We hung out everyday. I basically lived at her house. Things started to go downhill when my boyfriend got back because I was hanging out with him more than I was with her. But the three of us would hang out a lot.

Fast forward to January of 2022, I found out that my boyfriend had cheated on me with Audrey's Sister-In-Law \[21F\]. I was devastated and Audrey cut both me and my boyfriend off (for good reason). My boyfriend and I stayed together as well as Audrey's SIL and her husband \[22M\]. We just essentially went separate ways. We've both worked things out since then, and I don't want to discuss this part any further. I felt like Audrey abandoned me at my lowest point. I had helped her through so much when her husband was gone. I cleaned her entire house when she was too depressed. I literally talked her down from suicide. And yet this was the thanks I got. Not even a ""I'm sorry for what happened."" I just got shut out.

During 2022, I became really good friends with Katie \[24F\], someone I had met previously through Audrey. Katie was still friends with Audrey, which I didn't mind and I wasn't friends with Katie just to ""get back"" at Audrey. Katie was a genuine friend that I just happened to meet through Katie. Katie is getting married in 2023. Me and my boyfriend were invited to the wedding, but Audrey is in the wedding as a bridesmaid. I told her that I wouldn't make a scene and that I'd be respectful. However, Katie was telling me that Audrey wanted to me friends again, that Audrey ""missed the friendship she and I used to have,""

Fast forward again to January of this year, the year anniversary of what happened. I had a mental breakdown and called Katie. She told me to come over and we could talk about it. What I didn't know was that she was at Audrey's house. Audrey had told Katie to invite me over. I didn't want to go inside but I got dragged in by Katie. Audrey and I talked, reconnected, and unblocked each other on everything. Audrey also unblocked and added my boyfriend on Snapchat, and they reconciled as well.  Audrey and I talked, had plans and everything. I thought things were going okay.

Until this week. My boyfriend informed me that Audrey blocked him again. I was confused as she hadn't blocked me. I asked him and he said this was the story Audrey gave him: Audrey's SIL had seen that Audrey was talking to me. Her SIL stormed out of Audrey's house, drove off, and told Audrey's husband. Apparently, Audrey's husband didn't know that she was talking to my boyfriend. So she blocked him.

To me, this story makes no sense. If Audrey's SIL was upset that she was talking to ME, why would she block my boyfriend and not me or both of us? Why does she continue to talk to me? Why would Audrey's SIL be upset with me when I did nothing wrong? 

Audrey left me on read 15 hours ago. I have a feeling that our friendship isn't going to last. I just don't understand. I understand why Audrey and her family would be upset with my boyfriend, but why would they be upset about me? Why dump me out like I'm trash when I did nothing wrong? Maybe I'm just in this little world where I did nothing wrong and nobody should be mad at me. I wasn't the one who cheated. I was a victim in this, just like Audrey's SIL's husband. They gave him all this sympathy and they abandoned me. I just don't understand, and I need some help understanding."
relationship_advice "My (25 F) boyfriend (28 M), makes me feel undesirable and ugly. How do I fix this? My boyfriend, we’ll call him Joe, and I have been together for 6 months and we currently live together. Joe is the most amazing man I have met. He’s kind, gentle, caring, funny, I could go on and on. Basically, he checks almost every box I have for a partner. He tells me how beautiful I am every day. He goes out of his way to say things intended to make me feel good. He’s never yelled at me or been upset with me.  When we have problems, he is able to communicate and works hard to change if I ask him to. Like he’s a really really good guy. Which makes this next part even more heartbreaking for me. 

He makes me feel so undesirable. He makes me feel ugly and not wanted. It’s not his words, it’s his actions. Since January 1 we have made love once and that was mid January. Before that, the last time we made love was Christmas Eve. Before Christmas Eve, we were making love 1-2 times per week. So it was a random and sudden shift in our normal routine (which makes me feel even worse). The last several weeks he has been spending less and less time with me. He gets home from work, I cook for him, he eats with me, then disappears until bed playing video games. We have been spending about an hour together a day (including weekends) even though we live together. He told me that he hates celebrating Valentine’s Day. I actually really enjoy Valentine’s Day, but I’ve never had a partner that liked it, so I’ve kinda given up on the idea of ever celebrating it. However, it just so happened that our 6mo anniversary was the day before. So I asked him if we could celebrate our 6mo instead of Valentine’s Day. I expressed that I needed quality time with him. He agreed, so I assumed we would spend the evening of our anniversary together. That didn’t exactly happen. He came home, saw that I was ready and goes “I know you’re ready to go, but why don’t we wait a bit for traffic to die down” then disappeared for an hour playing video games. I sat on our bed on my phone trying not to break down into tears. When he decided to get up and leave we went to the bar we had our first date at, we were there for maybe 30 minutes, as soon as I finished my drink he got up to leave. I asked if we could do dinner…he took me through the McDonald’s drive thru. We ate at home and as soon as he finished he went right back to his video games until he was tired. We talked for about 5 minutes before bed then he got on his phone. Right before he went to sleep he rolled over said he loved me and went to bed. It was our anniversary and we spent maybe a collective hour together and we did not make love (to heavy the blow even more, it’s been 4 weeks since we were last intimate).

I think it’s important to add here that I have been doing little things to get his attention and they have all been ignored. I’ve worn lingerie for him twice, nothing. We had a conversation months ago where he said “a man will always be excited to see boobs no matter the time of day” so I’ve walked around the house without a top, nothing. I try to do other sexual acts with him, nothing but rejection. I’ve done everything but be pathetic and beg him for it. 

Never in my life have I had this issue with my partner, or men in general if I’m being honest. I honestly don’t know that I’ve ever felt as undesirable as I do now. The men I have been with in the past were terrible, but they always made me feel beautiful and sexy. They could never take their hands off of me. I feel ugly with Joe. He says I’m beautiful, but I feel ugly. I want to hide my body away any time he comes close. I want to make love with him, but every time I think about it I have anxiety. I know I’m getting in my head with everything and a lot of my feelings are my own and I may be projecting a little bit, but I’m so sad. I hate feeling this way. I hate that the one man that I have ever truly loved makes me feel this way. 

Is it worth salvaging? Should I talk to him? Do I tell him how I feel as I’ve said here, or should I sugar coat it? I don’t want to lose him, but I cannot continue to feel this way. I need help! 


TLDR: My boyfriend treats me like a princess, but our lack of sexual intimacy and decline in quality time is leading me to feel undesirable and unattractive and I don’t know how to move past this."
relationship_advice "I am 27F and am looking for advice with an ex 31F recently became friends again with an ex. Our breakup wasn't very messy, we took some space and recently just started to hang out regularly again.

We have both stated that we don't want to rekindle the relationship, but sometimes cuddle up and kiss on occasion. I am torn because i really value their presence but somedays when we talk about other people we are casually seeing I get a pit in my stomach, other times i could care less.

I have been considering no longer being friends but I don't know if this will hurt more by losing them completely, than me being around them.

Has anyone else been in this type of situation?"
relationship_advice "Am i (20f) wrong for assuming my boyfriend (22m) didn’t plan anything for Valentine’s Day? We've been talking about plans for today for a while, I've been really obviously hinting (not even hinting just straight up telling him what I wanna do) and he said he'd plan something. Anyway todays the day he tells me to get up early and get ready so I'm all excited and when it's time to go he asks what my plans are. 

I get confused and ask if he planned anything and he said no he thought I did.
l end up taking us to a breakfast place I like and getting us breakfast, when we leave I ask what's next and he says he'll give me money to get groceries I can make dinner for us tonight. Cool I get to spend my whole day slaving over a stove at my moms house (our kitchen isn't big enough for the amount of food he wants) and it'll take about 3-4 hours to make everything. i get mad at hi and ask him if that's really all we're doing for Valentine's Day.


He didn't even get me anything, no flowers, no chocolate, not even a card. Literally nothing. I get pissed off and tell him l'm not making anything for him and him paying for the groceries is not Valentine's Day present. 


He gets super defensive and said that he was gonna go buy me flowers while was at my moms. I'm pretty sure most stores will be sold out by now and honestly I don't even believe him. He gets pissed and says I'm making assumptions and he had a lot planned and I ruined it. Did I ruin it?"
relationship_advice "Just friends? 24F, 24M My guy friend came to see me after work and was willing to spend just 15 min since I have a busy schedule on Valentines. He got me a rose as well. We spent an hour plus talking. After asking him why he came he said it’s because i had told him how I just wanted a rose and 15 min of quality time on Valentines. He added that he missed me and couldn’t wait to see me again. Does he like me as a friend or there’s more to this ?"
relationship_advice "30M here, scared of leaving my 29F girlfriend My girlfriend and I have been together for 11 years now, I've lived with her for nine of them and at this point things are so bad I need help.

I love her, and I care about her more than anyone else, and I have been avoiding admitting to myself for a very long time now that I am completely unhappy and this relationship is not good for us at all anymore. That is really the first time I have ever even written that out.

We fight all the time, and when we aren't fighting we just pass the time watching movies together until something sets it off again a day later. The fights are very bad now, she screams at me for hours and so loud the cops have been called four times and almost took ME to jail for it twice. She breaks things around the house, she beats herself in the head with whatever she's got, she's thrown shit at me and shoves me into walls while she screams at me. Sometimes I think the only thing that keeps her from really hurting me is that I never scream or do anything crazy back. I try to defend myself and speak my mind too but it only makes it worse. 

I'm not perfect and I understand the things she is unhappy with about me, but i don't think those things warrant getting screamed at and all else. She ""breaks up"" with me all the time but the three times I have tried to go through with it she really went off and we just fell back into watching movies and going out for food or to bars to ignore it all.

I can't involve her family as that consists of her father who is in prison, and mother who just fuels the fire cause she likes drama as much as she likes boxed wine. Her two best friends moved away from Texas where we live and don't talk to her so they can't help, and just calling 911 and trying to completely cut away does not feel right at all. To make things worse she outright refuses any more therapy and anything like it due to a past piece of shit therapist of hers being very inappropriate we'll say.

TLDR I love this girl, and I wish it wasn't this way but we are very unhappy. We need to break up but I am afraid she will really hurt herself, and there are no ways I feel I can support her to make sure that doesn't happen. End of the day, I'm scared and would just like to see what you all think or maybe ask what your experiences are with things like this, thank you."
relationship_advice "Toxic friend (25M) asked me (25M)to block him for not answering his persistent messages (wut?) So, I will spare you aaaaall our history, just know that we have been friends for about a year and things went south since we developed an attraction for each other. I am already in a relationship, so I choose my current relationship over him. After that, the rejection made him spiral into toxic patterns and eventually I cut things for a month. We tried to be friends again after that but he very slowly, throughout autumn and winter, started again with his gaslighting, narcissism and all the shit.
Things became really bad since I probably talked too much giving him fuel. I finally reached a breaking point when he started sending 10+ minutes of audio (yeah) insulting, distorting reality, insulting my partner and other shit. From that point, I decided to visualize every message and not engage anymore in his games. He kept on sending audios, in the last one he was drunk in the streets with a friend and told me he loves me, that I am perfect and that he wants me (okay...). 

I hoped that ignoring was enough. Keep in mind that before the breaking point thing I had already told him that I didn't want to talk to or see him, so it's not that I wasn't clear. 

He just reached me asking me to block him so that it's like closure for him and then other thousands of words to tell how he is sorry and he wished to know me better and stuff and stuff. 

What should I do? I mean, I reached a good level of mental health and independence that I don't feel like it is necessary to block him. It's like he doesn't have limits so he wants me to put them for him. He can't tell himself not to contact me, so he wants me to take responsibility for what he can't do (again). 

How should I respond? Or should I respond? 

I feel like this is just another trap he set to keep the thing alive and to hope that I forgot all the mental games he's been playing all this time. I just want him to stop."
relationship_advice "Am I (29F) spoiled because I'm sad that my bf (31M) didn't get me anything for Valentine's day? We've been together for a little over 7 months.
I have told him a couple of days ago that we don't have to do anything big for Valentine's day, but that he'll definitely get a little something just because, cause I like making him happy. 
Then, yesterday, I mentioned that it actually might be nice if we went for a walk today and to get some pizza, to which he said yes, that it's a great idea.

For Valentine's day, I handmade him a gift - a card, a jar full of mini chocolates and notes with things that I love about him and things he does that make me feel loved. Of course, I didn't tell him what I was making him, as I wanted it to be a surprise. But when I came to his place, I was unpleasantly surprised to see he got me absolutely nothing. He didn't even make reservations for the pizza place (it's a very popular place and it's packed for Valentine's day), so we can't go. So instead, he's going to make pizza at home, which I really appreciate, but again, it was my idea.

However, I feel like I'm 'ordering"" presents for myself ... I'd like him to take more initiative, think for himself and surprise me now and then. 

I don't know how I feel, I don't want to make a big deal out of it because I don't ""celebrate"" Valentine's day, and it's not like he forgot my birthday or something.. But still, it would've been nice if he got me at least a chocolate, just a little something to let me know he was thinking of me. And he has a job where he's in a store all the time so ""he didn't have time"" does not apply. Am I spoiled or should I talk to him about it, tell him it makes me feel sad, especially since I made an effort to make him a thoughtful present?

Tl;dr: my boyfriend didn't get me anything for Valentine's day, he only thought of making pizza for us when I made that suggestion. I feel like I'm ordering presents for myself and I don't know if I'm making too big of a deal about it. I'd have liked for him to get me a little something (a chocolate or some flowers) to show me he's been thinking of me. How do I go on about it?"
relationship_advice "I [M22] have a gf [F22] with depression Me (M22) and my gf (F22) have been together nearly 2 years. Around September she became extremely depressed (family issues, no friends, bad jobs, trauma, etc). She still spends plenty of time with me and is always kind towards me and says how much she loves me. And I've done my very best to support her through it and be understanding when she asks for space and wants to be alone. She got on Zoloft taking 50mg a day which I know can cause loss of libido. Which I can understand not wanting sex because of the depression and medication. We can cuddle and kiss like normal and she doesn't have any issue with it. But anytime I try to flirt sexually or just compliment her like that she'll shut down or ignore it and change the subject. She's assured me she's still attracted to me but its hard to see that when she won't even acknowledge me trying to talk like that. It makes it seem like she doesn't want me physically. She said she's been having trouble liking her body image but if that was the reason wouldn't you enjoy the compliments and affection?? And she said her libido was normal but after pressing her about not wanting anything sexually she said maybe it hasn't been normal lately. And that whole thing honestly confused me more so I don't really know what it is. Does it sound normal for this situation?"
relationship_advice "my (29M) bf broke up with me (29F) on valentine's day I've been dating my bf for 7 years. We have lived separately since he hates my cats but he decided to accept them finally. He is moving to another country and I will follow him later, but in the meantime he asked me to move from my apartment to his current one (since he doesnt have to pay rent). I wanted to stay in my place, but both he and his mom wanted me to take over his lease. The problem is my landlord asked me to move out sooner, and his working visa got delayed (so he will move out later). Which means he will have to live with my cats for a month or so. I thought he had already accepted that but apparently not. He broke up with me saying our ""priorities are different"" and that I am selfish for ""prioritizing"" my cats. (I have 3 - all adopted after we met. He actually caught one on the street). 

He says I can still move in (I already forfeited my own apartment) but I have to confine the cats to a closet basically.

Oh and also I was diagnosed with cancer 3 weeks ago. All these years he kept telling me he wilm always be by my side, and especially after the diagnosis.

I feel kind of stuck. I can't find a new place immediately but my old place is gone...do I move in temporarily with an ex? Also in this country the usual depost on a place is loke 10k USD+"
relationship_advice "(M18) for my (f18) gf long distance relationship Wanting to do smth special for my gf for Valentine’s Day. This is also my first Valentine’s Day as well does anyone in a long distance relationship have good ideas for thing you can do on Valentine’s Day when your apart ?"
relationship_advice "Will The 9Year age gap between me (F24) and him (M33) work? I (F24) started seeing someone (M33) and I'm not sure if I should move forward with it or not.
I'm contemplating because my friends don't think this will work out.

My past relationship ended a terrible way and I  didnt try dating. This man just came in my life. Anyway, before going out with him I did my research about the age difference and I was kinda confused so I gave it shot my going out with him.

I found him to be very romantic and respectful towards my boundaries. However, he doesn't give two fucks about my opinions, he thinks everything I speak is nonsense. 

And we are quite different let's say I listen to latest music. He listens to old music, we worked it out by playing one song he liked and one song I like.

In all my previous relationships the max gap was 4years so they would listen to me. I accept I maybe very talkative but everyone loves that about me. People say that when I enter their house, their house lits up. 

And I would have all these inside jokes with my ex's and we would laugh at the same things. This man on the other hand he jokes and is sweet and everyone. But I dont think we will ever make inside jokes. And I realised he has this habit of proving his point.
I'm different so even if someone is wrong I'll let it go because I don't want to argue.

From all this I feel like we can work this out with compromise (where I compromise the most and probably lose my personality where I stop talking). Or maybe it'll work because opposites attract right?
Maybe this won't work due to the amount of things we will disagree upon.

Also I loveeee watching movies, I watch almost every movie in the theatre and he thinks movies are illogical and stupid.

Please advice how did your relationship work with this age gap? Does it ever work? Where do you think our relationship will go?

Honestly, I can't go thru another heartbreak, it took me a long time to move on."
relationship_advice "My (31f) girlfriend (30f) doesn't feel remorse. My girlfriend of 5 years can't feel remorse. This is something she told me early on, and it was not a problem at first because we were just FWBs.

Now we live together, have cats, the whole shebang. I noticed a trend after we moved from FWBs to dating of her dismissing my feelings in social situations, but never objected because she's very logical and I _am_ pretty emotional, which can be annoying. It came to a head last August when she accused me of messing up her friendships, which are actually our mutual friendships, in ways I wasn't even aware of and even our therapist (and mine, separately) said couldn't be my fault.

I was still hurt by her accusations, because it sucks to feel like people think you don't like them and you didn't even know, and any time I felt like I was having trouble controlling my emotions I would literally leave the room to calm down and discuss things over text instead. My girlfriend usually followed me, though, and called me emotionally abusive when I would just repeat my problems and not know what would fix the issue, because I hadn't had any time to process them.

We talked it out in therapy, and she recognized that she basically went down the list of ""phrases used to dismiss your partner's feeling"" (which is a real list, wildly enough). I thought that would make me feel better, but it's led to this cycle of feeling okay and like we made some real progress, and lashing out wanting to make her feel even a bit of the hurt I felt over the years.That plus realizing that she constantly dismissed my feelings and accuse me of manipulating or controlling her really fucked me up, because I don't want to be like that. We both came from abusive backgrounds, and I'm disgusted with myself for perpetuating that.

Which is a lot of backstory to say how do I get over the fact that she literally can't genuinely apologize or understand the hurt I've felt, or even try to repair the broken trust. She's not got ASPD, but does have OCD. She's gone through the motions of recognizing the ways she hurt me (if not the depth of it) and apologizing, but it feels more like checking off a list to get me to move on than sincere. I know I can't get her to really comprehend the amount of hurt she caused, and I do want to just move on, but I don't know how. There's nothing else that can be done about what happened, so I know it's pointless to be stuck on it.

There are so many amazing things about her, though I know these incidents seem like a lot because I'm condensing down 5 years into a few paragraphs. She's very solution oriented, and I think it frustrates her that there _isn't_ a solution, and that I can't just get over it like she has. It frustrates me too, and I want things to get better and go back to normal."
relationship_advice "Am I (24F) expecting too much of my boyfriend (27M)? So basically today is Valentine's day b I don't feel valued..


SOME CONTEXT BEFORE YOU JUMP ON ME:
Whenever something good happens in his life, like a promotion at work or his birthday I'd treat him like a full fledged buffet at a nice restaurant with his cake and everything. But whenever something nice happens to me, it's never the case. Not even a gift.

Now about sharing the bill thing: it's mostly his idea to go eat outside. I can't even eat much; I'm on victoza. He always suggests that I contribute half and/or pay for fuel. Which is okay most of the time but -

His love language is he loves quality time so I'd gladly spend time with him and love him how he wants to be loved. Mine is I like receiving gifts &amp; acts of service.. (Nothing expensive; is one plucked wildflower too much?). Being raised in a family where the son gets everything and daughters get scraps, it's nice to have someone do something nice for you once in a while. It makes me feel special because they thought about me.

He's seen how most people treat me because I'm the ""overcaring"" friend/sibling/daughter yet I can count on one hand the number of times he's done something nice for me...

The one thing that broke my heart was specially in November when I did an explosion box for him but instead of photos, I got him gamer things, a hoodie, leather desk mat, champagne etc. (There were 11 gifts in all). The box was gigantic. He didn't like it. He was like ""yay, legos.. yay a fairylights, yay..""

So my question goes; am I expecting too much of my partner? I've been vocal about my needs and how I want to be loved but it's not really changing. 


S/n- He's well-off, I'm from a middle class family. His salary is thrice mine."
relationship_advice "I'm not okay please help. I'm 24F and he's 25M There's a big change happening in my life right now with regards to my family and parents and I have no one ( the two or three friends i have are occupied with their own work and lives )
And the only person i thought i had was my boyfriend
But things are not good with him and I'm wasting my time worrying about my stupid relationship with him rather than focusing on my family.
I don't want to think about it but it does bother me and i cant talk to him about it since he's busy with his work and our timings are different. 
I don't know how to just drop this and focus on my family.
It's messing me up because I'll be alone after this due to the change and i thought i could count on him
But now i can't.
Please help me stop worrying about my stupid relationship i just want to focus on my family but I'm not able to"
relationship_advice "I'm(F20) sulking on my BF(M20) because he didn't do anything special on Valentine's Day? My boyfriend is a nursing student who currently has a schedule of classes which are 7AM-12PM then 4PM-7PM (online classes by the way). I've been looking forward to celebrate the valentine's with him and I wouldn't deny that I expected to receive something on this day. I figured that since he has 4 hours vacant in between, I thought that he would ask me out even just for a brief moment since we live just 20 minutes away from each other.

However, as the day ends, I figured he really didn't do anything special for me. After his class, he invited me to have a discord call on our server and asked me how my day was, I broke down as I was disappointed with my day and told him how I felt lonely on valentine's. He kept on saying sorry and told me that he was planning on doing something, it was just that the things were just not matching up. I told him what made me upset and how I wished we did something special on this day. 

Now, I think I have crossed the line by asking for more when I know for a fact that he's busy with his academics. I can't seem to accept that he has bigger priorities than me. Although we ended this day on a good note by understanding each other's perspective. I am still guilty on how I proceeded to rant on how he didn't do anything special for me instead of telling him to rest since he had a long day with all of his school stuff. 

I need advice on what's the best thing to do so that I can make up for him?

PS. I am planning to buy him earphones since I just found out during our call that his earphones were broken."
relationship_advice "My (23NB) partner of 4 year’s (27M) parents don’t support our relationship because of my chronic illness. What should I do? I (23NB) have been dating my partner (27M) for over 4 years. When we first started dating, his parents (who he’s very close with) were supportive of our relationship and I felt really excited about it. 

Over the years, we’ve had challenges in our relationship and had to do long distance but we have always managed to work it out and decide to stay together. One of the most significant challenges has been that I developed a chronic health condition that impacts my mobility and has resulted in me using a mobility aid and having chronic pain. It’s gotten easier to manage over time and I’m able to hold a job, attend grad school, and have a social life, but it is very much something that is part of my life. My partner sometimes helps me open things or cut up food while cooking, but I wouldn’t say I’m particularly reliant on him. 

Recently, I moved to where he lives and things have been really great, to the point where we’ve been considering a path towards engagement. I casually mentioned that I felt like I hadn’t spoken to his family in awhile and it came out that his family no longer supports our relationship anymore. He couldn’t tell me why at first but it really hurt because I’ve always tried to go above and beyond for them and it made me feel like I’d done something terribly wrong.

In response to this, I worked really hard to try to show investment in them in every way I could—speaking to them with my partner every week or so to check in, wishing them happy birthday and holidays, sending flowers, etc. My final big effort was going across the country to visit them for the weekend with my partner, bringing flowers and gifts, helping host guests, and talking to his parents for hours about their interests and passions. Everyone thought it went really well and I really felt like I had given it my all. 

When my partner talked to his parents after I left, they said they think I’m great. HOWEVER, they also said that they don’t want him to be with someone like me who has “the baggage” of chronic health issues because I’ll be too much of a burden and too stressful for him and he “doesn’t deserve that.” He is really upset that they feel this way, and wishes his parents could see me as more than my health issues as well as a person who their child is in love with. I love him so much and we’ve worked so hard to build a healthy relationship together, but I hate the idea that they are not okay with a basic part of who I am and he’s so close with them. It makes it hard to to imagine having a healthy relationship going forward and I’m not sure what to do. Any advice?

TL;DR: My partner is very close to his parents, but they are unsupportive of our relationship because of my chronic illness. What should I do?"
relationship_advice "Am I (26F) overeacting by considering ending my relationship with my boyfriend (29M)? TLDR: My boyfriend saw his ex to pick up a car. She wound up spending several hours at his mothers house with his family. I feel betrayed but my boyfriend thinks I am overreacting.


My boyfriend, 29M, and I, 26F, have been together for 4 years. A little backstory first. About a year into our relationship, he cheated on me. I did not find out about this until last year. At that time, we separated for 6 months. About 3 months ago, we decided to try and work though things and things have been well in our relationship since then. When we got back together, I had a few stipulations. One of them being this: He is friends with an ex-girlfriend that I can not stand. She is a textbook narcissist and selfish beyond belief. There has been several points in our relationship that she’s tried to intervene and has no respect for me or my relationship with my boyfriend. He agreed that she was becoming an issue. My exact words were “I do not want her around at all, no calling, no texting, no seeing in person, nothing. If I found out that she is around, this is over between us.” There was one exception to this rule. My boyfriend worked really hard to rebuild an old jeep a few years back. When he finished with it, he sold it to her. I told him that if she ever wanted to sell it, he can buy it back.  

 
Fast forward to last weekend. I was out of state for the weekend. On Sunday, he messages me and stated that she is trying to sell the jeep and wants to go get it. I was fine was this. My exact words were “im not comfortable with you hanging around there for longer than necessary.” He acknowledged this. I asked him to call me when he left her house and he stated that he already left and was at his mothers house. I then took my flight back into the state. After my flight, I spoke with him again. He stated that he had agreed to let his ex-girlfriend borrow another car that he owns as she now has no car. I was not happy about this, but bit my tongue. I went home and went to sleep (we do not live together). The following morning, I woke up with a realization. The car that he let her borrow was located at his mothers house. I called him and asked how she got to his mothers house. He said he drove her there (45min drive). I asked if she went inside. He said yes, that she wanted to say hello. I asked how long she was there and he said “longer than she should have been.” I was furious about this. His grandmother was in town and his whole family was the home having a Superbowl party. I felt betrayed and disrespected and told him so.  
 

Last night, we sat down and spoke about it. Im feeling very upset about what happened and im considering this a serious breach of trust to the point that I am considering breaking up with him. I feel that I was clear in what I said and that he went against my wishes, knowing that this would be the outcome. Im upset that he brought her to his mother house in the first place. Im upset that he did not tell her that she needed to leave at any point during the time she was there. Im upset because I feel that he didn’t put my feelings above hers. He stated that what happened was never his plan. That he intended to get the jeep and leave. When she asked to borrow the other car, he didn’t have a reason to say no. He stated that the car was at his moms and he was going there anyways so he drove her. He didn’t expect her or want her to go inside. She went in on her own to say hello (she used to live there). Once she was inside his family offered her food and he felt very uncomfortable kicking her out. He stated that he didn’t tell me about this right away because he knew it was going to be a sensitive conversation and wanted to do it in person. He stated that he understands why im upset and that if the roles were reversed that he would be very upset with what happened too. He understands why it’s a fight and acknowledges that he messed up. However, he states that wanting to break up over this is blowing it way out of proportion. That it’s a stupid hill to die on after all the stuff that we’ve been trying to work through. He said that he doesn’t think what happened falls under the warning I gave him because he didn’t set out to spend time with her. He didn’t contact her for any reason other than the jeep. He said that he never wanted any of this, only to go get the jeep. 

 
I see his point but I cant get over hurt I feel. So am I overeacting by considering breaking up over this?"
relationship_advice "I (18M) am confused about what I want with my boyfriend (18M). 
Background info: My boyfriend &amp; I have been together (minus a 2 month long separation) for about a year and a few months. We are long distance, and I haven’t seen him in person since mid-last year. We hang out on the phone and watching virtual movies and stuff as much as we can, we are both still high schoolers so it is a little rough. I also suffer with mild OCD and autism, addictive personality, and things like that so keep in mind.

So like, my brain keeps telling me (M18) that I don’t really love him (M18) and that I’m being unkind “because my heart isn’t in it”. I don’t even know if that’s true, because I don’t want him to be with anyone but me, and I only want him. I want to keep him safe! I enjoy it when we’re together but there’s always that nagging voice in my head. He’s not the only person I’ve experienced it with, but it’s definitely the most confusing. 

With other people, I always knew deep down I was defying my gut and they were bad news. But he feels worth fighting for and he’s only ever been good to me. If I’m not 100% sure if I want to be with him, isn’t it kinder to just leave him be? I can’t stand the thought of not being with him but if I break his heart again, (I broke up with him on a whim because of stress and our combined mental health issues), I can’t just come back again and be with him when I’m sure I’m ready. That’s selfish. I just want love, and I want his love, and there is nobody on earth like him. 

There is something alluring about an escape from the mental prison I’m in, though. It makes it hard to enjoy my time with him. I just want him so much but my brain is constantly telling me that it’s not working out, and it won’t work out, and at some point maybe I should listen to my brain. But how do I know it’s time to give up? 

He’s trying so hard for me and I’m trying so hard for him. We’re planning to move in together when we can. He makes me happy but I feel like the way I’m attracted to him isn’t “correct” or isn’t the way he deserves. (I also have internalized homophobia and religious trauma though so.) I’ve communicated this to him tons of times that I feel like a bad boyfriend because I love him “wrong” but he loves the way I love him. He says that I’m his best friend and that it means the world to him and that makes me so happy so I don’t know what I’m doing wrong. Can someone tell me what could be going on? I just want to be right for him and for us to feel right together.

TLDR; i have issues, i don’t know how to relationship without looking for an out, please tell me what is going on in my brain"
relationship_advice "Me [21M] and my girlfriend [21F] of 4 years broke up yesterday and I would like to know what you recommend I should do to make myself feel better. Hello everyone, my girlfriend and I broke up yesterday after being together for almost 4 years  (Today was our fourth anniversary) and knowing each other for close to 6. We broke up in good terms, we hugged and even had a last kiss goodbye. I love her with all my heart and hope she finds true happiness. I’m having a rough time because I really did believe we could work things out and I feel like she’s my one true love. I know I’m young and most people will say that I feel that way because she was my first girlfriend and all of that, but I genuinely believe it. Would love to have some encouragement from you guys. What do you recommend I should do to make this time of my life easier? Please be nice. Thank you for taking the time to read this. 

-I will always love you mi amor-"
relationship_advice "How to be less sensitive to conflict between my bf (37m) and myself (37f) I am finding in my relationship that I am too sensitive. My boyfriend is at his wits end with me. When we fight, he expects me to feel better quickly like he does, but I am usually upset for hours. I’ll have conversations, eat dinner, watch tv, etc. but I’ll still be sad. I also need extra reassurance to feel better. But it seems like I need too much reassurance.
Last night, we had a fight at dinner, and he made me cry. Crying is a big deal because he hates it, and I happen to be a crier. I tear up when angry, frustrated, or sad. And his response is always “what the f are you crying about now?” Last night he got angry because he thought I was crying but I wasn’t. And he kept picking on me until I actually started crying. Since I know crying would make it worse, I internalized it and pretended like I was ok (which is how I’ve been dealing with my emotions lately to keep the peace). Obviously I wasn’t ok but we went about our night. He tried to make me feel better, but I just couldn’t cheer up. We fought again this morning, and I'm just spiraling in insecurity. I told him I just wanted a long hug and reassurance we were ok. He said he does that all the time, and he’s frustrated it’s not enough. He says that all of our problems are due to me overreacting. And I admit, sometimes I do. I need a few minutes to feel my frustration before I move on. Honestly, I wonder if I should love him a little less, then his words wouldn’t hurt so much.
So Reddit, are we just not compatible? Or can I learn not to get so upset? How do you recover from a fight in an appropriate amount of time?"
relationship_advice "(f25) dealing with toxic relatives that disrespect my relationship with (m26) Me and my boyfriend is in my mid twenties and we are in a loving relationship. I have a close aunt and uncle who likes to give their opinion on everything. 

On Valentine’s Day, my bf can’t attend family celebration because of his work situation and my uncle suggested it was because my bf is having a romantic date elsewhere jokingly. I said it’s fine, I see my bf so often, we don’t need to spend Valentine’s Day together to prove our relationship. Uncle said if he doesn’t spend Valentine’s Day with you this year, he won’t spend it with you in the future years. He also jokingly asked me to video call him now to check on him. 

I tried to play it cool and avoid the conversation because it was making me very uncomfortable but this conversation kept coming back. My bf bought me chocolate from his recent vacation and uncle also commented and said it was too little, and said bf must have saved the luxurious gift for someone else. 

I am so annoyed and didn’t dare to tell bf anything as I didn’t want my bf to have bad feelings towards them and make things more awkward. At the same time I felt it was so disrespectful to him and our relationship."
relationship_advice "(22m) (21f) Anxiety? Stress? Guilt? Scarred? I’ll try to cut my story short in hope of someone out there being able to help me and guide me as I feel like I can no longer continue living with this feeling.

A general idea about myself is that I am a 22 yrs old medical student. I usually stress and worry a lot about medical school and my examinations, regardless of the fact that I score the highest amongst my batch. 

My story starts the summer of 2021 where I met a girl that goes to the same medical school as I do. Half way through the relationship problems start to arise between the two of us and I didn’t think anything of them as all relationships have their ups and downs. At this time, my partner began to say bad and mean things to me when we fought which initially didn’t affect me as I knew it was because of her being angry (she also reassured me after the fight resolves that she didn’t mean it). This started to escalate in which the problems became more frequent and almost every time I’ve had hurtful things being said to me. This progressively increased till the summer of 2022 (~11 months past for our relationship) which was the same summer in which I would take my Step 1 exam (a really important, exhausting and dreadful exam). At this point I used to always worry about our future and if were are even compatible, I used to have a weird heart clenching feeling that is filled with worry and anxiety, I also used to wake up from sleep several times with my heart racing or wake up before my alarm with the thought of our relationship overwhelming. We had a fight around 3 weeks before my exam which was my last straw and I communicated to my partner at that time that I want to end things as I felt I should communicate to her my true feelings that I no longer feel like I can continue in this relationship or think we have a future together (the things that were said to me where the worse out of all fights). She was devastated, cried and begged for me to give her another chance as she will change herself. I was heistant but decided to give her a chance, it worked out for the first few days but then the same heart clenching weird anxious feeling returned. I tried to battle it and not disclose it to her, but eventually I couldn’t hide it anymore and told her I couldn’t accept and give her another chance (around ~4 days before my exam). The whole 4 days and holiday after the exam was devastating I was really sad and down. With time, I used to distract myself and go out with friends (I don’t drink) almost every other day which helped me try to forget the whole situation. 

Keep in mind that I’ve got several messages from my ex weeks after the breakup about how I was wrong and that she would never forgive me and other prayers. Similarly over the last couple of months (it’s been 6 months since our breakup) I’ve been getting tiktok reposts from her account of videos taking about injustice and how sad/devastated she was which always made me feel very guilty as I was the reason for her current feelings. Similarly, it made me self-conscious about my decisions and doubt my feelings as she claims I never loved her and if I did I would never leave her.

Fast forward to the last month (5 months since breakup) where I finally approached a girl in my class that was always getting my attention and I couldn’t lay my eyes off her. In the first 3 days (through text), I was very happy and excited to get to know her. Three days later (which was also when the new school year started and the week of my important sport tournament) I started to have this same tiring, coruscating and exhaustive heart clenching feeling as if there is something I am worrying about. It started to increase progressively and I’ve always tried to forget it and keep it in the back of my head,, but it has been really taking a toll on me as I almost wake up everyday with this feeling and it stays throughout the day. Keeping in mind that throughout this period we’ve grown really close and she seems to really care about me. I have this feeling in the background around 60% of the day, 20% is me being distracted by work and friends and the remainder 20% consist of me actually overthinking and worrying. I really don’t understand why is this happening:
	a. Am I feeling guilty that I am meeting a new person?
	b. Am I worrying that this new relationship may end like the previous one?
	c. Am I scarred and no longer can commit to a relationship? 
	d. Why is the same feeling (but less intensity) that I was having before I left my ex happening again????
	e. Is the person not compatible for me and I am still seeking my ex?
	f. Did I still not move on from my previous relationship (prior to the new girl I was certain that I did move on and had 0 feelings, but I brought it up now because I have 		no idea what is the reason for this feeling)

Any input can help me understand this feeling that is taking a huge toll on me. 


This is a previous post of what I felt with my ex that I posted 200d ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/step1/comments/w5ypbm/morning_anxiety_life_and_relationships/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf"
relationship_advice "I (F25) got back with my ex (M29) and think I regret it? Advice is needed please! Hello! I (25F) broke up with my BD “baby daddy” (29M) back in the summer due to our 4 year relationship crumbling, we had a lot of communication issues, I didn’t feel safe or heard or respected and he didn’t care to pull his weight but loved to keep up a “public image”. Well 6 months fast forward I went through a traumatic set of events with a guy I was seeing for 3 months and my BD saw it as a good time to come back in and try to shoot his shot at me to come back as he was actively was making the changes I begged him for years for.  I move back in and things are ok the first month, now 2 months in I still don’t feel the connection he feels, we have yet to actually do anything for our relationship and I feel like we’ve already fallen back into a place where we were before? If that makes sense. We fight constantly about his insecurities and his need for control and he acknowledges that I am actively trying to change the negative behaviour I would do in the past yet all the issues he had and “changed” while we were apart have been thrown out the window. I love him but I feel like it’s more of a platonic love but we jumped back in so quickly I feel like I dropped the ball and am at a loss for how to fix this as I can feel myself detaching again and I want to make things work but I don’t know where to start to rebuild it?"
relationship_advice "I (20M) am ignoring my girlfriend (22F) because of last night’s call. Everything was fine, we watched a movie together, talked about our day and yeah it went smoothly. Also I have to mention that this is a long distance relationship, so we don’t live in the same country. Today was Valentine’s Day so I asked her to be my valentine and she agreed. And than suddenly after that she talked about her crush in high school and how he treated her during “valentine” and how he gave her flowers. She literally daydreamed about him during our call. 

I felt disrespected, confused and just had this weird feeling. Now of course most people here have girlfriends or boyfriends that previously were in a relationship and won’t see this as a big deal. But for me it’s different, she always tries to make me feel jealous. Now I know this is to make sure that she knows that I still care about her but I don’t know how to feel about it. After I ended the call, she called me 3 times and is spamming me in my DMs. I’m acting childish but my brain is foggy right now, I have never been in this situation before."
relationship_advice "27F, 25M, Friends to lovers Ok so a bit of a complicated situation imo.
I'm seeing this guy in real life in 3D after a year of friendship. It's been about 3 months since we've confessed we're very attracted to one another and we feel emotionally connected. Since then we've started to regularly spend online time together doing stuff like playing cards, chatting, and now he also wants to watch a series with me. We also had phone sex and it was amazing every time.

We always have deep conversations and seem to be really compatible and over the year we've become really close and we share many things. I feel very comfortable with him, but since we've started to be more than friends I've become quite anxious and reluctant to share as I did before.

Now the problem is we're gonna see each other soon (March) and spend several days together. He's very excited and is planning dates for us, stuff to do together. We're also gonna have sex and are both looking forward to it.

Since we live in different countries, we've discussed about the possibility of dating each other and realized none of us wants a distance relationship but decided we'll go with the flow and see where things go. 

Now I really want to have sex with him. And he does too. And I really care about him and am open to have a relationship too. But many people have told me that if I have sex with him when we see each other this would ruin the prospects for anything more in the future. 

And I am so confused by this. Because I really want to have sex with him. Why do I have to withhold it or force myself to deny it or play some games? I know that in my case, having sex with him won't deter me from considering a romantic relationship. I know he's a man and men are different but at the same time this doesn't sit well with me and makes me incredibly anxious.

Can't I just do what I feel without fearing that it'll ruin everything?

Btw he's on the autism spectrum and we also both have ADHD."
relationship_advice "My crush (23F) does not want to commit to me (25M) even though we finally slept together last week Hello everyone, this is my first post on Reddit and especially here so bear with me. I have a hard time being synthetic and it has a lot of elements to bring in this story, I will do my best. The comedy of the story is that things move mainly at parties, so I broke it down this way.

\---

I met this girl last year during my last year of study. During all this year I was for my part in couple, we were thus friends without any ambiguity. I broke up with her at the beginning of the summer of 2022, and from then on we got closer (still as friends) by going to parties together (in groups) and also by talking to each other daily.

At some parties we got closer without anything happening. So I started to wonder. I slept with him a few times, but nothing happened because I was afraid to take a chance. I even spent January 1st with her (at her request), and I didn't act.

\---

**Party 1 :**

At a party at the beginning of the year, I decided to talk about it to one of her friends before going to the club: she told me that I was not her style and that she was not interested. However, once in the club, she came to ask me about it and told me that this friend was talking nonsense. The discussion didn't go much further.

**Party 2 :**

So I decided at another party to engage the subject more seriously to know her position. She told me (and I already knew this) that she was not ready for a relationship with anyone, even though ""she likes me a lot and knows that she would be happy with me"". Her job takes up a lot of her time, and she is afraid of commitment, and also of breaking up our relationship if it doesn't work out for some reason. So she wants us to stay friends.

On my side I had started dating another girl (not seriously) and was already detached without high expectations. So I said I wouldn't propose things to do ""just me and my crush"" even though it made her very sad.

**Party 3 :**

A few weeks later at a new party (yes again, decidedly) ... I don't know how it happened, but I finally kissed her and did it for the whole evening. We went home together and I said that ""even though she probably wouldn't have the courage to talk about it tomorrow, it doesn't mean I'm going to propose to her afterwards"". We had sex, consciously. The next night I slept with her again, kissed her again (without really drinking this time).

We continued to talk normally without elaborating on the subject other than the fact that it was ""unexpected"". Things were fine, I just expected it to continue like that potentially without talking about it seriously at first.

**Party 4 :**

Unfortunately last weekend at another party, we came to talk (I don't remember how) and I tried to kiss her. She turned me down and said that she could very well do it and even sleep with me, but that it wouldn't make sense because there would be no guarantee afterwards. I made it clear that I wasn't expecting anything more, that I wasn't in love with her and that I would rather see how things went if we felt like it. She told me that it would piss her off if she saw me with another girl, and she told a friend of hers that she might change her mind about it in a few months but that today she didn't want anyone.

We saw each other in group the next day, it was very cold. So I sent a message to tell her that I wasn't going to stop talking to her and that things were clear. We exchanged a few messages quite normally, and the discussion didn't start again even though there was no cold.

\---

**My analysis :**

Knowing her is that she felt committed to something that scares her, and she thinks my expectations are higher than hers (they probably are, but I didn't feel like commitment right away either). She has had many disappointments in love and doesn't want to add that to her already full and complex life (especially because of work).

We see each other often because we share a group of friends, we go on vacation this summer and during the year.

On my side I think that the positioning is to detach myself by showing that yes we are friends, and by showing less interest than usual; while not closing myself to anything else. But I am convinced that this usual circle of ""I have no expectations, then I wonder about his actions, then something happens, then there is a disillusionment"" and it starts again, will continue.

What do you think? How should I act? Thanks in advance if you've made it this far.

\---

*TL;DR: My crush definitely has some form of feelings/attraction towards me, but tells me she prefers we stay friends because of multiple apprehensions. We slept together once despite this, and after talking about it again she still prefers to stick to her guns (did I sum it up right?)*"
relationship_advice "My husband (34m) is recently moody and I’m (32f) very pregnant My husband and I have always had a really solid, loving relationship. He’s usually upbeat, happy, dependable, etc. I know in the past he struggled with depression and anxiety (like me), but we’re both medicated and see therapists. We’ve been getting along famously for the entirety of our relationship and now, marriage. 

I’m 36w pregnant, and for the last month or so my husband has been really irritable and moody. To the point where my family notices, and it’s a big turn off. He’s short with people, has a short fuse, is irritable all around, is interrupting people, etc etc. He still has his moments of being his happy self but in general he’s very different. The thing is that he’s been working 7 days a week at two VERY demanding jobs for 4 ish months now. I’m so thankful we’re bringing in some extra money, but it’s getting to the point where I’m having to talk to him about work/life balance, how his moods are affecting me, etc. 

for a little more context, we just moved and drained our savings to get settled in our new place and out of the old one. Unpacking by myself has been hard (esp since our house is on a hill and is 3 stories) and I’m an awful cook (but trying to cook more every day!) - so a LOT is falling to him and I am so grateful he’s such a hardworking guy. I work as hard as I can to take care of us and tell him all the time how proud I am of him. Lots of loving praise and thanks, because he deserves to feel appreciated! 

As a pregnant cancer ♋️ (sensitive to the max), I’m struggling with giving him space and having my emotional needs met in this stressful time. does anyone have any advice? The anxiety of not having my emotional support is tough but I also know I need to give him some grace. I’m having trouble knowing where to draw the line and not freaking out about moodiness. 

And no, he’s never been abusive in any way. 

Let me know if you’ve dealt with this and what helped you and your partner. Thank you!!!

a few more details:
- I work, and earn more money. He works in the film industry and the work isn’t always dependable/consistent, which is why he has two jobs. One for benefits and when things are slow in the film world, and the other in film. 

- he HAS been moody, and my family has noticed (mainly my mom, but not only her) - but I have to take it with a grain of salt because my mom cannot handle people’s  bad moods. She is someone that would recommend going on more antidepressants or would claim they have a mood issue before she’d say “okay I can see where the stress is coming from” or “maybe they need to talk to someone about x.” I’ve dealt with this with her for my whole life, but at the same time - she does have some valid points about his mood."
relationship_advice "Feeling guilt for breaking up with her and hurting her. ME (22M) My gf(23F)  

She is 23 years old and I am 22 years old.We have been together for 2.5 years. She has been wonderful as a girlfriend. We never really fought about anything serious. We shared hobbies with each other like anime, playing games on my PC, and manga (I felt like a lucky guy).  
 

I broke up with her because I lost feelings; I tried to hold on, and maybe it will come back. She was a great girlfriend; she helped me with everything; she was sweet, and I couldn't have asked for anything more.I broke up with her for the first time 2 weeks ago, and on the same day we talked and tried to still work on it. After two weeks, the same feeling returned; I'm not sure if I want it, but I didn't want to hurt her.So I sat her down and just told her. being 100% honest. She was confused and shocked at how I handled it (I know I should just have ended it the first time, but I had some hope for the feelings to come back). She went home, and we texted after; she explained that I treated her badly for how I ended it. I don't say anything, and she's just squandered two weeks since the first breakup.She has every right to be mad at me. I told her I was sorry, but I didn't really mean it; I was confused myself, and I just didn't want to be dishonest with her by not telling her my feelings and making her sad.  
 

I'm feeling guilt. I'm asking myself how I can hurt someone who treated me so well. I'm feeling like a really bad guy.  
 

She wanted me to leave her alone so she could heal, and I understood that. All I care about is that I hope everything goes well for her and wish her good luck. I explained how good she was and how badly I handled it.  
 

I'm feeling guilt. I'm asking myself how I can hurt someone who treated me so well. I'm feeling like a really bad guy."
relationship_advice "26F 29M I lost all trust in my bf. Should we end things? A week ago, I (26/F) caught my bf in a huge lie. Basically he went on a boys trip and while he was there he started following women on Instagram that he had been flirting with in person, gaslighting me about it when I asked him for the truth, and then lied to my face over and over until I had proof. 

We just moved in together a week before this all happened. Today is our anniversary. I’m still really hurt and upset by everything. I am trying to “forget” about it for the sake of today, but I slept in the other room last night because I just was so pissed. 

I got really triggered last night because my bf told me he’s going to be gone again a few weekends in a row coming up for boys trips. All of this went down during a boys trip. I just feel like it’s so soon, but he doesn’t want to just “stay at home and do nothing and sulk about it”. He basically told me he’s going and he’ll try and make it easy on me. 

I’m so anxious and worried. I don’t even want to post him on Instagram or go out of my way for him today. 

I feel really bad. 

How do I handle this situation?"
relationship_advice "[22M][25M] How do I reassure the guy that I’m seeing that I won’t cheat on him for a woman? How do I reassure the guy I’m seeing that I won’t cheat on him? I’m 22 and he is 25

I’m bisexual and my ex was a girl. The guy I’m seeing is so afraid I will cheat on him for a woman because I’m a good looking fella. I won’t lie. I get attention from women, for example when we went out together last weekend these girls in the club were asking me if I was single and I told them I was seeing someone. This upset him that they approached me. 

Part 2 

His ex boyfriend  has also been liking my photos on Instagram and now he thinks that I’m linking with his ex. His ex and I were talking for a while (I didn’t know they were ex’s…how am I supposed to know, I matched with his ex on tinder). When we first met he asked me why I followed his ex and I was surprised because I didn’t know that I did? 

Anyways I have zero attraction to his ex. Haven’t talked to his ex  since i met up with the guy I’m seeing for the first met. He can’t understand that I’m fully into him even. Im into this guy and I’m not interested in a girl or his ex, only him. How do I reassure him?"
relationship_advice "have I ruined my relationship between me (22 F) and ex boyfriend (21 M) So, there's a guy I've been messing with for a while... we dated for a couple of months, but I broke things off before I went back to school (worried about focusing on grades... never saw anyone else between). Once I graduated, I reached back out to him to re kindle our relationship. However, we talked for a couple of months, and I noticed he would hide his phone (red flag, I know) and would have notifications from other girls. I asked him if he was seeing someone else, and he said no... anyways, all that combined with his admission to cheating on his ex, I broke things off telling him I couldn't trust him, and I felt like he was hiding something from me. But I instantly regretted doing that... by the end of the day, I told him I regretted it, and I want to at least try to have a relationship since we both feel the same way about each other.... and all he had to say was, he needs to work on himself and that he needs space... 

Is it too late? Is the relationship ruined? I want to reach out to him, but I'm scared that'll push him away.... he's perfect, and I love him. I don't want to lose him.. what do I do??"
relationship_advice "[F25][M27] my fiancé wants to move in his parents in our house after we get married My fiancé is Indian (Punjabi). In the Indian culture, the children when they get older and when they get married they move the parents into their house and take care of the parents. I told him why they can’t just go to retirement homes. He got really mad and offended and said I was heartless and that Indians don’t believe in that and in India they don’t even have retirement homes because that’s cruel and you’re suppose to stay with your family in the India culture. 

I told him I don’t want to live with his family. There is nothing wrong with his family, they are very nice people, I just don’t want to live with his parents. My fiancé said he will buy his parents a house in a close by neighborhood from us then. I don’t want him to buy a house for his parents. He makes a lot of money and money isn’t a problem but I just think he needs to stop sucking his parents ass and grow up. 

We need advice on our relationship. We keep butting heads when it comes to his parents. We dont currently live together. He doesn’t believe in living together before marriage. He is gonna buy a home for us and he wants to move his parents in the home and me when we get married. But I said I’m not ok with that so now he wants to buy his parents a whole house near us"
relationship_advice "My bf (21m) and I (21f) have been together almost 2 years now. There’s a maturity difference and I’m wondering if somebody can mature within a relationship. I love him very much, but everything I find wrong with the relationship seems like it’s because of our difference in maturity. Examples: him and his friends making jokes I (or any mature, empathetic person) do not find funny. Him not taking care of minor/annoying health issues even when he knows what he needs to do. There was a long portion of our relationship where I was constantly having to get him to understand why daily cleaning is necessary and important. He also doesn’t have any hobbies and has complained about not knowing what to do with his life many times yet hasn’t tried to find a hobby or area of interest.

He’s really sweet, isn’t a slob just isn’t as clean as me, and we have a lot of great times together. But, the resentment over these things and others is growing. I don’t want to leave him and the thought makes me sick, but I’ve been wondering for a while if he’s ever going to change on his own while I’m still here as a crutch."
relationship_advice "My bf (M29) has a type that I (F25) think used to be borderline obsession. We've talked it out but it has left something in me and I don't know what to do anymore. My bf and I have been together for 1.5. Around 6 months into our relationship I found out that he had an anonymous Instagram account to follow hundreds of girls. He wasn't interacting with them but he was still logging on almost everyday to look at their pictures etc. The one thing is that they were all just ONE specific type of girl, the ""ABG"" girls, hundreds of them. At that point everything started to piece together in my mind. 

I had always considered looking at other people something pretty natural for humans as long as it's not excessive and after finding out my bf's thing for ""ABG"" girls I realized that whenever we were out he'd ALWAYS look at them and whenever there would be an ABG type around, they'd always immediately catch his attention. It was everywhere we went and that would be the only type of girl he'd always check out. 

It was hurtful to see and realize that this was not only something that he did while with me, checking out ABG girls whenever we were out together but also pursuing and lusting for them online everyday. He lusted for them in real life, and online on Instagram, Reddit porn and who knows where else that I never found out.

I talked it out with him and explained that to me this was not acceptable and that if he wanted a serious and committed relationship with me (which he said he did) there would be no place for this to give validation to girls while he's in a supposedly committed relationship. He agreed and has since then deleted all inappropriate accounts and I can genuinely see that he has tried to make efforts even in real life. I know this is probably on me but now whenever we're together and I see that very specific type of girl that he likes, my mind automatically goes into some kind of mode where I know that he would definitely love to check them out and he knows that's his type of girl. Whenever I see him quickly glance at them, it still hurts me although I know he's trying. I wish I could make this stop but I've seen him do so much in the past that it still sort of haunts me. All I can think of when I see these girls to this day is how he would always look at them and check them out while we were together, and how he'd log in online every single day to look and follow new ABG girls, how he'd lust for them in our relationship.

It hurts and I know that if I want this relationship to work, I'll have to be able to move on from this and trust him but it's hard. Has anyone been something through similar and can share their experiences? Am I only hurting our relationship by doing this?

Tldr; my bf has a thing for a very specific type of girl that has caused pain in the past in our relationship but I'm having a hard time moving on.

EDIT: ABG- Asian Baby Girl"
relationship_advice "My mom(F47) has no filter when speaking. How do I (F21) stop being so infiriated with her? I am glad she doesn't feel the anxiety of having to watch what she says but sometimes i wish she had that. She doesn't think before she speaks and it really rubs me the wrong way. I feel so infuriated that i want to cut her off just to hurt her but i know that's not ok. She was a shitty parent when i was a kid, she got better, can be a cool mom, but some things (like the coldness she speaks and lack of empathy) never changed. It pisses me off more too because she's a people person and everyone loves her and idk then why do i hate this that she does so much.

A couple of examples to illustrate what i mean:
-told her I wanted to kill myself at about 13, she said ""huh, i never thought of doing that. Why would someone want to do that?""

-keeps saying life is pink. Mf you live next to a country that has an active warzone, people everywhere are miserable, including me and she only has money because my step dad pays her way.

-when my SO cat died (after being his best friend for 13 y), she said ""well, the cat was old, it was inevitable, you did what you could"". Ok, yes, but literally he needed support, not ""well she was old"". He needed comfort and that wasn't it, which created a bigger wedge.

-my pet went through a bad medical emergency. Like thought he would die and my pet is like my baby. My SO was also devastated, he just tried to be strong to keep me sane and stong. My mom kept what i would call spamming me. I didn't respond, i couldn't so she messaged my SO. My so explained the situation to my mom and she just  couldn't stop texting me ""well you did all you could"" kind of stuff. Then my pet started getting better and she started asking my so about what documents she needs to bring to fly on a plane to the us. Like why is she messaging him, plus she doesn't know much english and his links will be in english. She didn't bother asking my step or even me. Like wtf. And literally while we still had the worry of our pet. Then she messages me and asks me if because i had to take off due to the emergency if i don't have problems at work or  ""i can't imagine how much that costed"", then she's telling me that she got expensive eyeglasses and that i should get some too (i can't afford them right now), and then she started asking me what my work schedule is which she already knows! Like I don't care, leave me the fuck alone so i can take care of my pet.

She is stressing me so much out and i just want to block her. I don't have time or energy for this kind of bs. Please help with advice. Why is she like this and why am I so bothered by this when nobody else is?"
relationship_advice "Should I [32M] spend as little time with my sister's [36F] new baby growing up, to make it easier later on? Ok so long story short, and this part isn't really the focus of this post, but I dont plan on sticking around long term. This life is just not for me and once my parents have passed, I will be following shortly after. I dont rly have a life outside of working and paying bills, no potential for a love life or a future family of my own so really life is just a pointless chore. And once the parents are gone it's basically just me by myself anyway, my sister has her own life.

My main thought is with the kid, I would hate to grow a close relationship with him and then be that uncle that offed himself and scar the kid that way, so I'm thinking I play the uncle thats not really there outside of birthdays or whatever, that way when that time comes the pain wont be as deep and he'll get over it quicker and it wont have a lasting effect

The problem is that if I do this, I feel like it might hurt my sister's feelings if I dont spend lots of time with her child because this child has always been very important to her.

What do I do? How do I play this to have the least amount of damage on both sides?"
relationship_advice "Am I (f19) being dramatic or reasonable about my bfs (m24) inaction? So for context my boyfriend got out of a relationship that turned nasty at the start of 2022 and they have a kid together so he has a lot of trust issues still from that.

We started having a situationship last year (for 6 months) and recently took things to the next level by getting into a real relationship recently. This appears to have altered our dynamic somehow.

Don’t get me wrong he’s never been a cuddly guy or a mushy-gushy person but idk it’s like he just doesn’t care anymore.

I think he is so much better than me, and I have a lot of my own trauma and so I have bad days where I’m super insecure and I struggle with my self image and what not. Today was one of those days.

I let my boyfriend know how I was feeling (essentially saying I didn’t feel good enough for him because I’m a little over weight and I don’t like wearing makeup everyday) and he responded with saying “you’re not a girly-girl like my exes, I’m used to girls putting in loads of effort to their appearance for me so it’s different dating you, I’m attracted to u don’t get me wrong but I’m proud you’ve started going to the gym because I feel like you have so much potential” this really hurt because to me i feel like I said “I don’t think I’m good enough” and he responded with “my ex did put more effort in than you do so…” he also states he never wanted a relationship when we first met (and held to that until around new years) so he states he doesn’t wear his heart on his sleeve with me because he’s afraid of getting hurt again.

Also since we got together, he will no longer flirt with me, will rarely compliment me, gets moody that I tell him I love him too much, our sex life had sort of stagnated and we butt heads a lot.

He has a lot of life issues going on outside of us right now so I’m just trying to give him space and support him but it’s really getting me down, I don’t know how to express to him what I need reassurance wise because he assumes I’m asking him to be soppy with me which I’m not. I know my trauma is a lot to put on someone else and I would never do that I just need some support every now and then. I guess I’m just lost and looking for any advice on how to proceed 🤷‍♀️"
relationship_advice "My mom [54F] is more demanding than me [21F] towards my boyfriend Six months ago I (21F) got my first boyfriend (23M). Everything is great and I love him to death. We’ve yet to have a conflict, understand each other, and just truly care for one another.
Now, here’s the thing.
My mom is really loud and energetic. She takes up a lot of space in a room and wears all her feelings on her sleeve - which is totally fine, that’s just how she is. However, it’s become a thing that when my boyfriend comes over to my house, my mom acts overly exited (she seems happier to see him than me…). And she says things like “when are you coming back?”, “You’re always working”, “can’t you be here this week?” Etc, when he’s about to leave. In of itself this wouldn’t be so bad, but she does this profusely (he’s told me he also feels it’s a bit overwhelming).
I understood quickly that he has to work a lot, and so I leave it up to him when, and how often he visits me (since I’m not busy the same way and he knows I’m always happy to have him here). The fact that my mom has a bigger problem with this than me just feels weird in my stomach.
Then here recently, my mom talked for a long time about how she is sure my boyfriend doesn’t like her. That he doesn’t seem interested in talking to her, getting to know her, and caring about her as a person. That he never tells her anything personal, and therefore doesn’t want a close relationship with her. This really confused me, because he has always treated my parents nicely and loves to help. Plus, he is a lot like me and we’re both very private people.
I can’t help but feel that at this point, my boyfriend will have to take more care of pleasing my mother than me. That when he visits me, he can’t stay with me all day, but will have to also go over and make my mom feel good about herself…
I’d love some advice on how to tackle this."
relationship_advice "My (24M) girlfriend (22F) dumped me over the phone the night before Valentine's Day. Should I ask to talk in person? To make a long story short, we had been dating for 5 months and for the last 2 I noticed she had been more distant. She's been working 3 jobs and was overwhelmed to the point that we only saw each other about once a week, sometimes for only a few hours. And she would barely text me when we weren't together. I had convinced myself I was ok with it, and it was worth enduring the time apart because when we did hangout it was great and we were happy. Well last week I decided to put my foot down, call her, and tell her how I've been feeling ignored and this isn't working for me, but instead of breaking up, I wanted to try some new stuff to see if it worked better for both of us. She flipped it on me and said she's been wanting to break up because she is dealing with some personal stuff and feels guilty she cant give me the attention I deserve. We agreed to take a mini break and meet up for lunch in a few day to talk in person. We meet up for lunch, have a good chat and decided to try some new things and stay together. I was feeling really good and positive to work through this together, I made reservations for Valentine's, got her flowers, etc. Then last night we have another call to plan a trip we had been talking about, and she once again tells me she can't do this, and she would just be stringing me along more if we stayed together. We both agreed that we like each other a lot and care for each other tons. I didn't fight her on it, and we broke up right then over the phone... again, this time seamingly for good. 

I don't know what to feel right now, I think I've come to my senses and realized that although we both wanted it to work, it wasn't working for either of us so breaking up is for the best. But I also feel disrespected that she couldn't do it to my face. She literally had 2 chances to do it the right way. If she's been stringing me along for a while, why not string me along one more day to break up with me in person?

I understand the timing is weird with Valentine's day and that she doesn't owe me anything, but I'd like to at least have a proper goodbye in person. I won't beg her to take me back, I know we are broken up and accept that, but there are some things I'd like to say and have one last talk. Would it be inappropriate at this point to reach out again and ask to meet for coffee? Maybe wait a week and let things cool off first?"
relationship_advice "Me (27f) and my boyfriend (28m) broke up due to my mental health. We are checking in soon, and I don't know if we should get back together. I have been really struggling with my mental health lately. My partner has also, lately, told me that he wants to restart a friendship with his ex. I was struggling independently from this, but I expressed to him that this friendship would make me uncomfortable if they did not set concrete boundaries around what their friendship would be (frequency of contact, what they would be talking about, etc.) Understandably, my partner was unhappy that I needed these boundaries spelt out for me -- He wouldn't really entertain the idea of not being friends with her, but he wouldn't really spell out a situation for me where they would be friends that had explicit and discussed boundaries. I know he's been talking to her and trying to figure out how they can be friends -- Honestly, I'm not proud of how upset this made me, but it did. 

That was going on for some time, and my mental health just declined with work stress, imposter syndrome, and more. When I tried to talk to him about these things, it became clear to me that my partner had never really been close with someone who has struggled with depression. He has also been very busy lately, and stressed. I've supported him by buying him flowers, gifts, signing us up for yoga classes, helping to host events with his friends, sleeping at his house all of the time with him, and more. I told him that I would appreciate a similar showing of support in return, especially during this time where I'm struggling. He felt as though I was saying that he wasn't good enough -- this is a theme that comes up often when I ask for things, or say that something he has done hurt me. I usually end up apologizing. 

Saturday was my birthday. I had asked him to help me plan the party, help me set up, etc., and he hadn't done that. On Friday night, he took me to a concert of a band that I don't listen to as part of my birthday gift. I drank at the concert and started to feel myself spiraling. We left the concert, I blacked out, and in the morning he told me that I had told him that I wanted to kill myself. He texted all of his friends saying that I was going to hurt myself, and then he reached out to my friends. He said that he did that because he was scared and didn't know what to do and didn't want to be alone in dealing with my ""mental health crisis"". I am really embarrassed  by this, and I felt really exposed and robbed of my autonomy. Then, he broke up with me. 

Typing this out, it feels so obvious that we shouldn't get back together. I really felt like he didn't even like me a lot of the time, because I would ask for things like flowers or dates and he just wouldn't... do it, and told me that he felt unwanted and bad when I asked. I poured a lot into this relationship -- time, money, love, everything. I miss him so much despite how bad it was. I think there's a world where we meet to check in soon and he offers to get back together, or I offer it. I think I told him that the only way that I would consider getting back together is if he was able to prioritize supporting me and loving me a little more openly, so I could feel more secure in our relationship. I think he views that as me needing him to admit that he was wrong -- which I guess I do. And I don't think he wants to do that. 

But I do want to get back together because I really need someone in my life for stability. And I love him deeply, and all I ever wanted was for him to love me the same way.

&amp;#x200B;

Is there a pathway forward here? Or do I just call it quits."
relationship_advice "I (31M) want space from relationship with girlfriend (34F) again after just having it a week ago. My (31M) girlfriend (34F) and I talked over the weekend after 6 days of space.

I asked to go first, so that I can explain why I have been jealous/insecure about her relationship. She immediately got mad, and sighed. Every point I brought up she just got more angry and annoyed with me, and just said I am being insecure/jealous and that I need to just trust her. She clearly didn't listen to a word I said.

All she had to say was that I need to cut this jealousy out or we are done; the slightest hint of it she wants to break up. Also, I am not allowed access to her phone anymore. My only response to that is if I feel concerned about something then I guess we are done. What I didn't say, and should have said, is that why is she not trusting me with her phone when I was that caught her lying. Then she gives me an ultimatum that's hard to maintain, and I don't like ultimatums. The most confident person I know still get jealous sometimes.

I think I am going to enjoy Valentine's day with her - have one last good memory with her - but afterwards I may ask for space. However, I think I need a lot of time to myself to figure it out.

You can get the full details from my previous post(s), but I do want to add a few things here that I left out (and recap a few).

First, my insecurity started when she cried about him to me when we first started dating. I thought he was out of her life, because he clearly didn't respect her. I was wrong, he reached out saying he was in town and wanted to meetup and she was all about it. She had him over for less than an hour before her flight. I believe her that nothing happened, but I didn't understand why she wanted to see him, this guy wasn't friend, thought now she saying he is. She tried to comfort me by saying that he was a ""tempting desert"", but I was a ""nutritional meal."" It's no wonder my insecurity and jealous never calmed down. It would just ramp up every now and then, and when I saw his name pop up on her phone, I would ask and voice my concerns, but she has never said anything to console me. All she says is that I need to trust her, that he lives on the other side of the country, that their conversations are PG, that I need to get over my jealousy and insecurity because it's unattractive. Every time she says that I'm jealous or controlling. I apologize every time because that was my one fear of becoming when getting in a relationship. However, I never felt like her responses were helpful, so my jealousy and insecurities grew.

Let me add that we haven't had sex since the first time about six months ago. I am overweight, she met me overweight. She said she loved me. She says she has a low libido and I believe her, but I also think she just isn't attracted to me so doesn't want to try like she said she would. The first time we had sex, I stopped sometime in the middle because I realized she wasn't into it; I think she saw me naked and lost attraction. I say this because, before we started dating, she was excited to meet the guy of concern since they were sexting and couldn't wait to jump his bones. I never felt that same reaction from her.

I digress. Another thing I left out from my other posts, is that after I discovered she lied about not having a hidden album, I got concerned and looked through her texts with the guy. In there she said she lost all the photos and thought I deleted them; I didn't, this was the first time I went through her stuff without permission, plus I wouldn't be stupid enough to make it obvious I was in there if I had. He offered her nudes and shirtless pics. She denied them, but didn't do so without saying ""I am tempted, but no"" or ""I really want them, but that wouldn't be appropriate"" or my favorite, ""I am going to miss those photos."" I don't know if that is emotional cheating or not, but that flirting was not innocent. That didn't feel PG. What's worse is she never talks to me that way.

I never told her that I saw that, because I thought we could salvage this relationship. However, after this past weekend and her demands I just don't feel like she respects me and wants to be monogamous, but her way and still flirt with other guys. I understand some flirting is going to happen, but that felt wrong. And her restricting my access to her phone, is now making me think she hiding more stuff.

Mind you, she went through my phone and sent a message to my ex, blocking her, and deleting her from my phone. I recovered them via iCloud, so that's how I found out. So she violated my privacy first. She said she was drunk and doesn't rememebr doing it. It was something I wanted to do, yes. On my own terms. Though if she voiced concern about my ""friendship"" with my ex, then I would've down what I wanted to do sooner.

I want space, because I want her to know I am done not being heard. I want space, because I think this still can be salvaged. However, I think she can't empathize with me because of her polyamorous background.

So Reddit, does a long space in a relationship work to help think things through. I don't want to get into ""break"" and ""break-up"" territory.

TL;DR: Want more space to think things through after girlfriend and I did not have great talk after our first time having space from another."
relationship_advice "Advice for Valentine's please aid F23 w M25 I guess I just don't understand the expectations surrounding valentine's day. I know it's different for every relationship but I'd appreciate some advice on what I am to do for him as the female?

At first I was thinking a super nice gift, then a gift basket. I've finally settled on doing some extra special bedroom activities for him, I bought a new lingerie set he's never seen &amp; a new toy. 

I guess I'm just wondering if that's enough or if I should get him a more traditional gift?"
relationship_advice "I feel trapped in my relationship (20F, 20F) Please, I need help. 

I've been dating this girl for 3 years, we have a ""pretty"" relationship,  the communication works well, we treat each other nicely, kind of the ""perfect movie relationship. 

The thing is that for the last 6 months or so I don't feel like I'm in love with her. 

I have 0 physical attraction to her, I even thought that I was asexual!! She is so nice but her personality is like a copy of mine, everything I start to like becomes her new hobbie, she agrees with me in absolutely every opinion I say (political, philosophical,  social...), not bc she just have the same ideas but bc instead of thinking by herself she straight up agrees with me with 0 doubt. I hate that.

I love her as family,  I want her to be happy, but each day I resent her more and more. I don't want yo kiss her, I don't want to cuddle. When I think about being with her forever I feel pressure in my chest and get extremely anxious.  I know that I cannot continue like this, but I don't have the strength to break up.

She is the nicest person ever, and she loves me more than anything,  she really wants to spend her life with me. I've already tried to talk about how I feel, but I can't. I cannot do that to her.

Our anniversary is in less than a month and I cannot break up with her like that,  my heart hurts so bad.

I'm scared of being too afraid and living all my life like this. I know it's not fair for her, but I'm a coward. Thinking about her crying makes me want to die. I need help, I can't do this by myself. 

EDIT: rn we are living in different countries,  and it's going to be like that for at least 5 months, so I cannot talk to her in person, which sucks

Please give me advice."
relationship_advice "I (25F) have no desire for sex with my husband (25M) All the sudden I just have no desire for sex. I sometimes feel in the mood but don’t actually want to because it just feels more like a chore. I just don’t really want it anymore but know he does. We have a young son, he’s 1 and a half. Ever since we had him our sex life declined a lot but we at least were having sex maybe weekly. Then it went down to maybe twice a month. Now it’s once a month at best. I’m nervous because I know tonight my husband will most likely want to have sex and I just really don’t want too. I just don’t know what to do or what’s wrong with me. Has anyone gone through this?"
relationship_advice "How do I [24M] break up with my girlfriend [24F] 3 years ago, my ex broke up with me as I didn't want her cheating on me. I was devastated but I got a new girlfriend 2 months later and things have been good although not as great as it was with my ex.

Yesterday, my ex texted me to apologize what she did and hopes that I can take her back. She was sincere and I believe time make you more mature. How do I break up with my current girlfriend without hurting her feelings?"
relationship_advice "I (29f) want your thoughts on working with the person you are dating and living with? (32m) I (29F) have been at my job for the past 2 years and recently quit because of some disagreements between my boss and I. Working every day without any days off for 3 months straight with no help and my car breaks down and I can't take the day off to go fix it was the last thing I could handle working there. My boyfriend (32M) started working at his job a month before I did.  We have been dating for about 3 and a half years and living together a little over 2 and half years. Originally before I got my job he had asked me to come and work with him but at the time we were going through a rough patch and I didn't think it would be the best idea. Now that I have quit my job and we have been stable for 1 and 1/2 I don't see any issue with me working with him. I've worked with people I've dated in the past and never had any issues. If anything it encouraged us to get out more and hang out with more people and still get to enjoy each other. Someone just quit working at his job and so I asked him if he would talk with his boss about me coming into work. His boss had also offered me a job when he first started as well. He told me yes about a month ago when I first quit my job and I've been waiting to here back. There is also a place open that the guy who quit lived in owned by the boss that his boss told him we could move into. I've been asking him about both the job and the place to live because we would be able to live without roommates and the rent would be cheaper. I've been asking him once a week because he usually sees his boss once a week when he comes in. He keeps saying he's forgotten about asking for the job and that he hasn't given him a solid answer on the place to live. At this point I'm frustrated beyond anything because I've also asked him if he doesn't want me to work there or what's up because he says he wants me to work there and everything but isn't doing anything about it. Isn't giving me any reasoning why he isn't doing anything. I keep telling him if he doesn't want me to work there or if I can't work there for any reason it's fine but just tell me. I don't know what to do at this point. Ive had issues with him lying in the past and I asked him the other day that I thought he was done lying to me and he said I don't know what you want me to say because you don't believe me with what I'm telling you. It just doesn't seem like a solid answer to give someone. If he is lying to me again I'm done with this relationship. I've told him even if he lies as long a he tells me the truth we can work it out but nothing can get worked out if he isn't honest. I feel like I'm wasting my time which is horrible.

TLDR: How would you feel working with your significant other after living together 2 and half years and dating for 3 and half years? In general how would you feel about your significant other telling you that they would ask their boss about you working with them and their boss offering you a job 2 years ago as well as cheaper housing that was offered to them because of someone else Quiting but never having an answer for either of those despite it being months on the housing and a month on the job?"
relationship_advice "I (21M) Am confused if I should leave or not my gf?(21f) I have being for the past 6 years with my girlfriend, we have gone trough a lot and have struggle to even have our on little home, we have being happy ever since but sometimes it feels awkard and confusing and very toxic. I recently took a emergency trip to where we used to live before moving out together. Surprisingly I have being feeling good without her around and have even met new people, I have in short words feel more peaceful now that I am by myself,I am going back and will see her tomorrow, But I am really confused about what our future can look like."
relationship_advice "This is the first time my boyfriend (M43) has turned down sex with me (F32). TLDR: the title of this post. + We haven't had sex in one week. (full story below)

Ok Reddit, this is the first time posting in this sub. 

My boyfriend and I have been going out for 2 months. We average sex 3-4x week which is a great frequency for myself, and I thought for him too. We spend 50% of our time together because the other 50% of the time, he has his kids. (I have not met them yet, which is completly fine with me. We are waiting for the right time.) So basically we spend 3-5 days and 3-4 nights per week together. However, we spend last Thursday, and this past Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday (V-day) together without sex. I initiated twice, last night and this morning. We drank way too much Sunday during the Superbowl festivities and he said he really wasn't feeling good last night (Monday), so I said I understood and there's always the morning. I did ask if that was the extent of it and asked to be reassured that we are good, and he did reassure me that his feelings for me haven't changed and that he just feels ill and not in the touchy feely mood that he normally is in....(he usually can't keep his hands off me). Morning comes around. He goes out early, buys me flowers and gifts for his kids. I came downstairs after waking up and he greeted me with Valentines Day wishes and kisses and we had coffee while I marveled the flowers. He had his first work meeting at 10am and it was 9:25. We were just kising in the kitchen and I said we can have a super quick quickie. He said he needed to do some stuff to prepare for the meeting. I asked if I should stay, and he said yes, so I just went to the bed and waited. He came up at 9:55 and said he was so sorry. The day is getting away from him and he had more work than expected. I said no problem and that I'd leave to give him his work time/space.

When I left, he did seem like he felt bad about how the V-day morning ended up with work, but I did not make him feel guilty or bad.....I just said ""it's ok! we will make up for it thursday"" ((first day he doesn't have the kids again)  ""and that we have to be adults and work sometimes!"" (as a joke). I also said we could finalize our vacation plans (we are planning to go to Nashville for a weekend together early March), and he said yes definitely.

So as I'm writing this, I know I'm coming off as the anxious attachment type (I'm very self aware), but I would like to know yall's unbiased opinions on this situation. We haven't had sex in one week and this hasn't happened before.

Thanks in advance, Reddit."
relationship_advice "My (18F) friend (18M) won’t tell his gf about our past My friend and I have been friends for about 2 years. Our friendship began as friends with benefits ( yes we were very young for that) and ended after a year. Now, present time, he has a gf. They’ve been together for about 6 months. She asked him if anything has ever happened between us and he said no. I’m a bit conflicted about this because if I was dating a guy and his best friend was a girl he was sexual with, I’d want to know. There’s no feelings between my friend and I but we are really close. Sometimes he brings up a topic, like sex, that maybe he shouldn’t because his gf might not be comfortable with him talking about this with another girl, which he gets because he says “yeah I wouldn’t want her to know I’m talking to you about these things but we’re close.” He’s definitely not cheating but it’s very honest. He also sometimes makes jokes about our past. When I point out my issue to him he says there’s no point bringing it up and that we’re just close. I’m not going to go and tell her to clear my conscience but how should I handle this?"
relationship_advice "Broke up with my (27m) girlfriend (24f) this past weekend because she wouldn't pay her share of bills. She's telling everyone why and now people are saying I was in the wrong and selfish. My ex and I lets call her Anna were together for 2 years. We moved in together 6 months ago for a 6 month lease to test the waters of living together. Anna was great and we got along amazingly and had lots of similar interest, but when we disagreed we disagreed pretty bad.

Our major issue that honestly is the reason I went ahead and ended things is that she wanted to split bills 60/40 because I made more money. I make about 120k and she makes 40k. I didnt think it was fair for me to pay more because I worked harder and had a better job, when she could just get a better job instead of making me foot the bill because I was dating her and she wasn't motivated enough to do better with her life.

It felt honestly like a scam, like she wanted me to pay for the ""privilege"" of being able to sleep with her and use me like a piggy bank. She said it was because we moved into a place I wanted to, and the places she liked in her price range I said werent big enough because they werent. 2 adults and 2 dogs cant live in a studio apartment without going insane, at that point she was just being cheap and ridiculous.

We moved into a place that actually made sense and she kept bringing up that we need to change the bill split because it wasn't fair. 50/50 is fair in every sense of the word. She felt like because she did majority of cooking and cleaning it wasn't fair. I told her she didnt have to do either one, she can just pay 50/50 for the cleaning service and meal kits I was using before we started living together but she said it would max out her budget. I said it sounded like a personal problem and she went to stay with her friend which shocked me she would do all of that over a small issue.

So I went ahead and ended it, because she was giving me the silent treatment and not answering calls at that point. When she came back to get her stuff she had her dad and brothers with her and they were giving me dirty looks. I tried to say goodbye to her and at least not leave things off that harshly and she just told me to fuck off.

Now some of our mutual friends are saying that I'm selfish but I don't see how. Its 2023, equal rights and what not, so how is 50/50 not fair just because I make more money? I'd like some input and real answers because when I asked them, they just acted like it was some magic answer written in the sky.

Edit------ Even IF I had agreed to live in the smaller place, that was in a dangerous area and dirty, it was only cheaper by $300/month. And she still wanted to split 60/40, living in the smaller place. "
relationship_advice "Bf(23m) of 3 years and me (26mtf) broke up. So..... For a long time now I've noticed that my now ex bf is less interested in sex. Sometimes has had issues staying hard.

I've slowly started to check out of the relationship because I didn't feel desired and loved.

It was a recurring topic with him denying my thoughts. 




Now 2 weeks ago we had a heart to heart where he admitted to not feeling up for sex and desiring it less, because I don't let him touch my genitals.

We do have sex, and varied too, but that was a hard boundary for me, but after 3 years together, it seems he was getting very frustrated about it.


Now we decided to break up when I can move out.
We still live together, and are on good terms. No fight at all.


But I'm conflicted about my emotions.

On one hand I have trouble going on like normal, but on the other hand I catch myself wanting to cry when though I thought I already checked out before.

And the guilt is killing me.
I feel so guilty for not suffering as much as him.



Tldr: bf and me broke up but there is no closure, it doesn't feel real and my emotions are conflicted."
relationship_advice "My Wife [F21] Doesn't Want a Kid, but I [M23] do Hi. I don't really know what to do anymore. Recently it came to light that my wife doesn't ever want to have a kid.

We started dating back in 2020, we talked about what we wanted, even going over the conversation about a child. I've always wanted one, it's been a dream of mine for I don't know how long. She told me that she wanted one too at the time, even going over names with me. I was happy as could be, until recently.

She told me the truth recently, and it hurt. She never intended to have kids, nor does she ever want them. She said that the reasons she kept the lie going was because she knew how I felt about having them, and because she didn't want to lose me. I was devastated hearing what she said. She's been trying to give me an out to the relationship but I still love her very much. I just don't know what to do or say."
relationship_advice "I am 22M and my girlfriend is 20F I’ve been in this relationship for 3 years and I love her so much. I really could see myself married to her eventually but I have a problem. I’m not ready to be with 1 person for the rest of my life yet and I’m not physically attracted to her anymore. I don’t really want to leave because outside of that she’s everything I ever wanted. But I don’t know what to do. I’m a physically active guy and I’m always outside but she would rather spend a day on the couch then outside. She also dosent seem to care that much about her physical health while it’s a main priority of mine. Again I love her soooo much and I would do anything for her. I feel like an asshole for even thinking about leaving because of this. But I feel like I will hate myself if I don’t give myself room to explore and have fun while I’m young and I really have no idea what to do."
relationship_advice "Should I drop everyone and become a hermit? (M20)(F20) I have a 13 year ""family friend"" and recently, she has been there for me; assem, I had potentially the worst day of my life and she was up at midnight texting me and saying she's there for me, which is amazing. But when it comes to initiating or doing stuff together she either ignores, or always flakes. I asked a week ahead, if she wanted to go to a concert, she said, ""oooh i need to check my schedule first to change it. I'll lyk"". A day before the concert I had to ask if we're going on or not to buy the tickets, since she never let me know. Then she said, ""oh i cant, have fun tho"". So she lied and made me wait a whole week without communication. No I won't have ""fun"" alone. I was going to ask her to a Valentine's theme dance last Saturday and she said she's maybe going out tonight, but asked why I'm asking if she's avaliable. I just said nevermind because she'll just flake again.

So sure she responds, or ""gives caring words"", and is ""there for me"". But I want to have a friend to spend time with, who doesn't keep flaking and lying because they think I'm desperate, and will always give them benefit of the doubt, so they can just keep leading me on. It's always the same crap, ""I'll lyk this and that"". If she or anyone doesn't respect me, then I'm gone. It's not fair to me to keep initiating. Yet people literally expect me, and tell me I have to chase, because ""I'm a boy"". I'm sick of it. I'm a human being too and I'm worth more than this. I have feelings too. There was another friend and she acted the same way but my friendship with her is already over. If I don't initiate, no one will ever text, or check in on me, or anything. So for the friend's I have that ""care so much for me"", they couldn't give less of a crap about me any other way.

I don't know if it's better to be miserable and hurt feeling alone while surrounded by ""friends"", or to leave them and be miserable and hurt knowing I really am alone. What's the point. They probably won't even notice. Either way I feel miserable and lonely. So should I have no (fake) friends at all and be a hermit forever?"
relationship_advice "I (26 F) am over my partner (26 M) not planning or “being the best” with holidays/events You know I’d be okay with planning everything and being “in charge” of that if he were the breadwinner/doing a bunch of work/busier than I was but that’s not the case. We’ve been dating for almost five years and engaged for the past year &amp; a half and I’ve been the financial support for the most of it. Paying for both our portions to HIS more fancy vacations w/ family because he comes from a more affluent family. Keeping up with all of their events when he wasn’t at all great at it in the first place which I don’t necessarily expect someone to be when the relationship is strained a little bit, but to me that also doesn’t mean I have to swoop in to hold everything together and be responsible for that. He’s not on it with my family at all, I can’t even think of a gift he’s gotten for any of my siblings or parents “on his own” without me prompting and saying like “oh it’s my family’s members birthday/Christmas coming up, we need to shop” and thus I’ve ended up paying for mostly all of his family’s gifts over the years as well minus his secret Santa present and maybe a gift for his dad one year. To give more perspective: almost every year we go in on a sibling present to his parents and this year all of his family gifts were taken care of but I didn’t have enough to get my dad his gift still and it’s not something he’s ever brought up himself even thinking about it or checking in, no chime when I had mentioned it about helping to make it happen or anything. 

I have had at minimum one job since my second year of college. Most commonly two or sometimes three. Currently, he’s been going back to school to finish his undergraduate degree and I’ve been working six days a week, sometimes 7 days, between two jobs. I’m tired. In our history, dates and trips I’ve planned and paid for. I just don’t see the balance in our relationship- I’m begging for something as simple as a handwritten letter or a sit down dinner together at our actual table or a hike like we used to do at the very beginning. When is it my turn to be supported? Every big life decision I have made as been for HIS best interest in a support role and now I’m looking around to see I have barely anything I set as my attainable goals for myself or my relationship. I’m tired and burnt out completely."
relationship_advice "(21F, 25M) went on a first date, misunderstood his intentions, did I ruin it? Went on a first date, misunderstood his invite round to his house, did I mess up?

So I (21F) went on a first date with a guy (25M) and it went really well, we got a coffee and went for a walk. 

I had a really nice time and as we were approaching where I had parked my car, he invited me round for a cup of tea. 

I haven’t got much dating experience as I had been in one relationship since I was 15, so I took it at face-value and thought I would just have a cup of tea, then leave. 

However after I had finished my cup of tea he started kissing me and I think he was wanting more but I never saw myself as someone that would do anything more on a first date, plus (TMI) I was on my period anyway. So I had to break off the kissing and say I had a nice time but I don’t feel comfortable yet to do more but I’d be happy to see him again. 

He wasn’t pushy, respected my boundaries, and I texted him after I got home and he has been responding, we even set up another date, but I just wanted to know whether I was naive and stupid for accepting the invite round, whether I led him on, and have I ruined my chances? 

TL;DR: went on a date with a guy, was invited back to what I thought was just a drink. He put the moves on, I rejected and now worry I should have already known what going back for a drink meant."
relationship_advice "How do I (M21) convince my GF (F21) to stop studying at university? I know it sounds bad, but hear me out.
Me (M21) and my GF (F21) have been studying at university for 2 1/2 years now. The only problem is that she hates it. She never wanted to study English and history, but when we applied, she didn't get the subjects she wanted, so she chose what I did instead. This leads to her absolutely hating everything that has got to do with uni and not enjoying a single bit of it. She also cries often, especially after getting a bad grade, and she is always saying how bad her life is because of all this. 
I even do much of the stuff she would need to do for Uni so that she can have more time without thinking about it.

The problem is that she does not want to stop studying because of A: The 2 years of time that would be wasted then, and B: because her parents always say how they left their country (Russia) back then so that she can have a good life and study in Germany. They also know that she doesn't like what she is doing but just want her to keep doing it. 
Especially the second reason is important to her, and whatever I have tried to convince her to stop didn't work even though she has other options and knows what she would do if she would stop. 

I don't know what to do anymore. I just don't want her to be miserable any longer.

TL;DR: My GF is miserable because she doesn't like studying but also doesn't want to stop because she doesn't want to disappoint her parents."
relationship_advice "Boyfriend (21 M) makes me (21 F) very sad lately Boyfriend and I have been together for almost a year and lately, I've noticed his actions make me cry a lot.

We're long distance and I visit him bec his college schedule doesn't allow him to (I can take classes online, he can't).

I feel like a liability around him. Whenever I visit, he will keep complaining about things. He'll also whine when I show affection towards him.

Today is Valentine's Day and I posted a picture of him on my story and he whined about that too. I'm not hidden from anyone in his life so it's not like he's trying to hide me.
It just feels like everything I do annoys him. He'll also say no to just about anything I suggest or tweak it in ways that don't agree with me.

Even getting a birthday wish/valentines wish out of him is a fucking task and I have to put in effort to get him to do so.

I love him with all my heart but I am in so much pain. I don't even know how to convey it to him.

I don’t want to end this relationship. He does love me and shows it in his own ways but refuses to show any flexibility to do anything how I want it."
relationship_advice "I (28F) told my bf (31M) that I loved him after 7 months. He said he doesn’t feel the same, but wants to and doesn’t want to lose me. I don’t know what to do. I know that everyone has their own timeline for falling in love, but I’ve felt this way for a while and it has begun to hurt. I love him and don’t want to lose him either, but I feel so hurt and rejected. I don’t know how to move forward from this. Any advice would be helpful."
relationship_advice "I'm (32M) engaged and I feel more alone with her (29F) than I ever did single. We've been together about 5 years. Things havent veen perfect, we've had our ups and downs and there has been lots of drama involving our families but it was easy to get through because we had each other. 2 years ago we moved in with each other and in the last year we got engaged and are planning our wedding for next year, but yet... everything feels empty.     Starting with about half a year before we moved in, our sex life hit a stand still. Since then we've done it maybe 10 times, in the 2 years. I've brought it up to her and she apologizes, first saying shes never in the mood, then it was because shes sore down there, she started physio therapy to help the pain but she says shes too scared to do anything and get hurt again. A friend of hers suggested we try toys and that only lasted 4 times, now shes never in the mood.     She barely ever initiates any kind of cuddling or kissing or hugging. Ive actually been counting and I only need 1 hand to count the amount of times shes come up to me to kiss me. If I leave for work I can simply wave and say bye , she rarely even says 'I love you' unless i say it first. Today is valentines day I was cuddling her in bed and the entire time she just kept her back to me and played with the dog. We agreed not to do anything for valentines so we can save money for the wedding, and that is fine to me. Though 2 days ago our dog destroyed one of her favorite stuffed animals, and she was very upset. So I pretended to throw it away but instead looked up how to sew and I repaired it for her, then made her a little handmade card. I had a saying from one of her favourite movies, ""Ohana means family, family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten"" and I drew a little picture of the character in that movie bandaging up the plushie. I thought it was a super cute idea, I actually cried a little imaginging how I'd feel if I got it. She was happy I repaired it but she didnt even say thank you. Just read the card, said ""aww"" and then asked me to get her a snack. We sat for the last 2 hours planning wedding stuff but I just feel hollow and empty. I don't think I can go through with this wedding, I don't feel loved. All I want is a little attention, the only time she seems to acknowledge me is when she wants something."
relationship_advice "My (25F) aunt (70F) is starving herself taking care of her elderly husband I was hoping for some advice on what to do, or if I should even do anything about this. My mom has an older sister (70F) who she used to consider her best friend. Honestly, based on the stories my mom has told about their past, I think this aunt is toxic af and not a nice person at all. But whatever - my mom loves her. My aunt married a really old guy when she was young. This guy gave off super creepy grooming vibes and is a pretty nasty piece of work. My aunt dedicated her life to him and is basically a willing slave to him. Not much could be said about it because technically she was of age when they got together, and she was happy being his slave.

That brings us to present day - my aunt's creepy old husband is now even older at 100+ years old (I'm honestly surprised he's still alive and kicking) and now requires full time care. He poops and pees all over the house and carpet but refuses to wear diapers. My aunt just trails after him scrubbing up messes he makes. He yells for her to come do things for him whenever she's out of his sight for even a minute. He demands food all the time, and whenever he sees my aunt eating something, demands she gives it to him to eat. He slaps food out of her hand if she tries to eat. If she tries to sleep, he goes to wake her up and stops her from sleeping. Apparently, my aunt is now skin and bones and has only managed to sneak in a few hours of sleep over the past months. Her husband on the other hand is plump and chipper.

My family has been trying to tell her she needs to put her very old husband in one of those care homes. She isn't equipped to handle this and is killing herself. She only wants to put him in one if it's a super expensive fancy one that literal millionaires go to, because otherwise ""he won't be happy."" Thing is, they are not rich and squandered all their money. My family recently forced my aunt to go to a doctor, and she was told that it's a good thing she came in, because she will literally die within 2 months (tops) if she continues on like this. The doctor made it clear this is her last chance to save her own life. She refuses to change anything unless her family helps to put her husband into the millionaire care home.

My mom is beside herself. None of the family can afford to help with that, and even if they could, that shouldn't be on them. The rest of the family is just making frequent visits to drop off food to her house (all of which gets eaten by her husband). They say that the only thing that can be done needs to be decided and done entirely by my aunt. No one else can step in. I'm not entirely certain that's true. My aunt is 70 and has been starved and sleep deprived. Her husband physically stops her from eating and sleeping. Is there anything outsiders can do, outside of magically giving money for him to be sent to a fancy schmancy elder care facility? They are located in the US, in California. I personally am not close to my aunt, but I know that my mom loves her a lot and this is making her very sad. I'd really appreciate advice!

Tldr; My mom's favorite sister is taking care of her super old creepy husband and starving herself and not sleeping. Refuses to put him in a care home unless it's a super expensive one. Doctor told her she'll die within 2 months if something doesn't change. Anything that can be done on the outside?"
relationship_advice "My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is jealous of one of my friends So I’ve been dating my boyfriend for almost two years, in November he started telling me he was jealous of one of my friends, let’s call him C. I’ve told him not to worry about C since he’s just 18 years old and like a little brother to me. I know I do hang out a lot with C, but that’s because he has a very bad situation at home and I try to help him out as much as possible.
Every time I try to explain this to my boyfriend he gets all quiet and sometimes it feels like he is not even listening to me, so I usually try not to bring it up.
What should I do? I don’t want to cut C out, but I also don’t want to walk on thin glass every time he comes up in conversation with my boyfriend"
relationship_advice "Is being in a relationship with my [M47] boyfriend making me [F34] recurrently sick? I am a [34F]. Begining of november last year I stated dating a [47M] guy that I adore. He is very understanding and we've decided to live together. We love each other and everything should be hunky-dory.

Except I've been sick for the last two months. I've had a throat infection, stomach flu, another flu, a yeast infection, and now I am laying on bed with yet another cold. It's like as soon as I finish the treatment for something another thing pops up the next few days.

I am not that prone to sickness. Before I could go a cold or two a year, and the occational stomach flu from overating.

People has told me I have low defences but my diet hasn't changed, I move around as always (as much as I can with the plethora of sickness) and even if it's winter it's not the coldest I've endured.

I am starting to wonder if it has to do with getting serious in my relationship. It sounds silly, but is the stress unconciously messing with me?"
relationship_advice "I (22m) need to get over feelings for her (22f) which I live with, any advice Simply put I’ve stupidly put myself in a situation where I’m living with the girl I love, for a decent while now I figured we shared an intimate feel for each other, after all we slept in the same bed, kissed, told each other we love each other. However it has become apparent lately that for her this may have been less intimate and such than I had been viewing it.

She’s lately been seeing someone from work and, me still being attached to her, This hurts but I don’t want to be a burden to her, in an ideal world I can still enjoy living with her and let her do her own thing but at the moment I’m finding it hard to block any romantic feelings towards her in my head, while still seeing her daily and hanging out.

I am aware that the most straight forward option is to move away and see less of her and such but I’m already slated to live here for another year and for personal reasons, at least for the time being she wants me to stay around and ideally for me vice versa.

TLDR: I just need help getting over feelings for the girl I live with, so I can stay living with her without this being a problem for us."
relationship_advice "guy 36m was curious what i 32f was doing this valentines day He normally doesn't ask where i went as a conversation starter but now he's asking where i went today lol. So i answered i was at home and asked what he was doing he said, he just stayed put as well lol. Why do you think he ask? We are long distance..not yet having any labels or what not."
relationship_advice "My(20F) boyfriend (21M) didnt give me flowers our whole relathionship. We had been together for 3 years. One and a half years was a long distance due to covid. Now we have been living together for 5 months.

So about the issue with flowers. He knows i really like flowers, even what type or color. From time to time, I say to him that i really like flowers and i would want some. His has a specific reason why not to buy them to me. I have anxiety and due to this I am picking my cuticules which results in them bleeding sometimes. He said that when i stop this behavior, then i deserve flowers. I really tried but i had this habit for more than 5 years, so it is hard to stop. 

So due to this, I didn't ever receive flowers. I isnt an issue about money because i said him multiple times i would be thrilled if he only get me one rose or something like that.

To be fair to him, since we live together something sweet like cake or candy (which I also really love) at the minimum of every week. That i really appreciate and i am happy for that.

How can i resolve this issue and bring him to buy me flowers as i nice gesture."
relationship_advice "Ex (f21) still talking to me (m25) Ex (21f) still talking to me (25m)

Ex still talking to me even with new boyfriend??

Hi everyone, I (25m)was with my ex (21f) for nearly two years, after we broke up last year she ended up getting a new boyfriend 2-3 months later. So for the past 7 months or so we lost touch and I guess I was blocked she changed her number and all but still followed me on IG and she would do weird stuff like block me then unblock me and follow me again so I know she’s always thinking about me if she keeps doing this.

So I ask her what’s up and we get to talking a few weeks ago mind you she’s still with this guy while me and her are chatting (idk if he knows or not but highly doubt it) so we end up talking about meeting up again I guess just for some sex or something since that’s what she said before that the sex was the only thing keeping the relationship alive… So she’s been debating and pondering about it for the past few weeks.

So she does the block thing again cause I guess she’s with her boyfriend or whatever when I asked her “I think we should get a sneaky link in before I get real serious with this guy” so BOOM right after that message that’s when she blocks me understandably so. Honestly I was expecting that to be the last message I’d ever send to her.

Earlier in the week we were talking and she was going to florida with “the person she’s with” so ok whatever that’s cool idc I’m just trying to fuck at this point it just shows me right here that she probably did this to me while we were together so it’s whatever we both cheated oh well. Once a cheater always a cheater right?

Come to find out I go to look if she still has me blocked and her new bf has her at Disneyworld lol more than I ever did for her which is actually messed up because I really did love this girl I was just caught up in my own lifestyle while I was with her. So she unblocked me and I’m confused why she keeps doing it? Idk if it was to make me jealous or is she still contemplating coming to see me when she gets back? Idk I guess I’m fucked up for talking to the dudes girl behind his back but honestly that’s his own problem it’s not my fault she is the way she is. So I’m just wondering what does this girl want from me? 

She has a guy that seems to treat her way better than I did and she’s still talking to me I just am so confused right now. I do miss her and actually wanna see her again but for nothing serious probably just some good sex I know she wants it but don’t think she wants to hurt her bf or doesn’t want him to find out what do you guys think????

This is the kind of stuff that turns me away from relationships also because no matter how good u treat someone there’s always that good chance they’ll fuck you over. Especially the new world with all the social media guys are so easy for chicks to fuck so it’s honestly rigged in their favor lol most girls are just gonna fuck whoever they want just to “have fun” it’s just the culture nowadays and something we all have to get used to. Everyone just wants a good fuck and that’s what it comes down to! Thanks for reading people."
relationship_advice "I think I (M24) am traumatized by my ex gf (F24)  

Me and ex had a relationship that lasted 5 years. We were young and she was the first one I ever kissed, had sex and so on. Our relationship ended 4 years ago and in the meantime I never searched for her (in part because it hurted, and still hurts).

Now I've been dating someone else (3 years already) and I am happy with her. However, after seeing some photos of ex I am feeling strange (this is already the third day in which I constantly think about her).

The feeling is hard to describe. I think is anguish. I remember our days and start to have butterflies in the stomach. But I also feel sad, anxious, and so on.

I am considering that it may be something more than just emotional stuff. I think I might be sick. The broke up was hard (and she took the initiative).

Anyway, I just want to read some stories or experiences from people who passed through similar situtations. Have you ever felt something like this?"
relationship_advice "[33m][32f] I think my gf is a stripper that I met a few years ago A few years ago my brother had a bachelors party and we went to a strip club as part of the festivities. Well for whatever reason this one girl latched on to me and seemed to genuinely vibe with me. Throughout the night she actually bought me drinks and gave me a lot of free VIP time. She even had to wave the bouncer away a few times. I think I only paid for one lap dance and she told me to take her out the next day to make up for it. I was headed back out of town so I left the next day and never even thought about her again. 

A few months ago I was in the same city and matched with a girl on Tinder. She was exactly my type and we hit it off like old friends. We got to talking a bit and we felt like we knew eachother but we couldn’t place it. We just chalked it up to having chemistry. I got to thinking a bit and realized that she looks almost identical to the stripper I saw a few years back. Both very tall, blonde, same build and everything. She told me that she used to strip at a few places around town and that’s when I put it together. This was the same girl! 

Now my question is do I bring it up? I personally think it would be a funny little story but I’m not sure how she would take it. Especially since I ghosted her the day after the club. Also I’m sure this is her, she shared some same unique details that the stripper shared with me. 

TLDR; Met a stripper and then started dating her a few years later without realizing. Do I bring it up?"
relationship_advice "I 26m have developed feelings for my close friend 33f, and im not sure what to do. *I'm on mobile, English isn't my first language and fairly new to reddit. So excuses in advance. 

I 26m have developed feelings for my friend 33f, and I'm not sure how to handle them or how to process them. It's probably not relevant, but I have Aspergers but I would like some advice to navigate this. 

We have been great friends for about 5 years, and when I was out with my mum, she was prodding for potential girlfriends and asked what I thought of my friend. But after giving it some thought, I think I may have feelings for her. 

That conversation was April 2022. Since then I had a few moments that I thought of telling her how I felt, but I don't want to ruin this wonderful friendship. My record of asking people out has had a 0% succes rate, and online dating has only resulted in getting ghosted on the date itself, so i resigned myself to being alone. 

There was a moment that made me feel hopeful about this. A mutual friend asked me for my permission to ask her out, which i found strange, yet it made me feel somewhat threatened. I gave her a heads up that he asked me if she was single. In my mind, that's only fair, and I had no ill will towards the guy. But she said she wasn't romantically interested in him. That filled me with relief somehow. She later mentioned to me that he never talked to her again, so that gives me some relief that the friendship can remain. But that event did kick my ass into gear. What if she finds someone, I will accept that, but I would have lost my chance to tell her how i feel. 
I came close to telling her once in person but chickened out. Practiced in front of the mirror and almost puked from the nerves. 

Last november, i wanted to meet up with her in the city. Have a fun day, and then tell her how i felt. But that fell through as her mum suddenly passed away. 

Now it's some time later. She has so much stuff to deal with, and I don't want to be seen as some vulture swooping in for a meal or seen as taken advantage of her. She is a wonderful woman and I want the best for her. But my feelings are eating me up inside. I had the idea of writing everything down, like this post, and put it on a letter to either give to her or read it to her. 

I would love some advice or thoughts on the matter. Thank you."
relationship_advice "[M18] [F19] Does anybody else feel stressed when their special day comes up, like today? (I’m M18) Does anybody experience the same thing with their SO?(F19) My SO(F19) makes any special day stressful because if the day doesn’t work out exactly how she wants it too she cries and just genuinely stresses me out with the way she acts. 

It makes any important day 10x stressful, like today, our anniversary, Christmas or even her birthday. It feels like there’s a pressure..

 does anyone else have problems with this? And how do you deal with it?"
relationship_advice "My (29f) boyfriend (31m) was joking around, pinned me down and screamed in my ear as loud as he could. I pushed him off of me and told him it really hurt to which he responded “you’ll be fine”. That made me even more angry and we got in a big fight about it and then he apologized and offered to move out of our apartment. He seemed really embarrassed.

My ear is still ringing three days later so I’m still pissed. Do I need to let this go because he understands he was wrong? I can tell he feels awful but what the fuck."
relationship_advice "Boss grandpa died. Coworkers want to buy flowers and asked me to chip in. My grandpa died a few months ago and no one bought me flowers. Should I contribute? Me M23. Boss M50 I really don't care to receive any charity from anyone but it kinda rubs me wrong when the tables turn and I'm asked to sacrifice when others did not for me. Thoughts?"
relationship_advice "How should I (18F) survive a school trip without friends (18F) Soon there will be a school trip that will be a week long. People have already chosen who they want to room with and even if I asked them, they woud find an excuse to say no. I have nobody left. What should I do in this situation?"
relationship_advice "[25F] [23M] How do I move forward with a crush after a hiatus on intimate connections? We are both in college. I \[25F\] am finishing my masters and have several opportunities lined up for me and recently made a name for myself in our line of work, so the future is looking up for me. We share the same group of long-term friends and have peculiar similar interests. We share the same political views, humor matches perfectly and we have conversations about topics I don't really approach with a large amount of people. Truly one of my favorite people I have met in the past couple of years, and we've gotten close and flirty in the past few months, with a particular recent night with friends and alcohol turning into even flirtier demonstrations where it became obvious there was something else there that was mutual. The attraction is obvious and everyone around us is noticing it, but it gets tricky.

Ever since the pandemic hit I have dropped several unhealthy habits, including drugs, abusing alcohol, and casual hook ups. I feel anxious thinking about visiting my past self. The latter is one of the things I am not looking for at all and refuse to be looped into, but I feel deeply attracted and able to connect with this guy. And then, it gets tricky again.

His habits do not match mine. I see a younger me in him, with all those unhealthy habits I let go of. He uses drugs, drinks often, hooks up with random girls (or makes it seem so) very often. I am afraid of taking a step forward and turning this into a casual hook up, since although I know he's dated in the past, I am not sure he sees me that way. I was never the girl that guys date. I stopped being that girl because it hurt me so much, hence the utility of the pandemic hiatus. I know my worth but can't ignore this attraction.

To be honest, not being that girl anymore turned me into an overthinker. I feel extremely attracted to this guy and can't help myself around him, so I've noticed myself turn awkward and almost introverted when I'm around him, which is not like me at all. Do guys even notice this shift?

So, **everyone** — have you found yourself in this situation? Deeply interested in someone but not knowing how to move forward with things? How do you deal with attraction and romantic interest when your habits differ so much? And how do you deal with all this when the pandemic has 100% altered the way you view intimate relationships?"
relationship_advice "My boyfriend (29M) gets really mad when I (25F) post myself on my insta stories and idk what to do So I dont post a lot on my instagram or stories but when I do my boyfriend gets mad at me since according to him i'm attracting attention and ""thirst trapping"". 

Now tbh when I post, I get some messages and reactions from guys that follow me and some of them want to engage in a conversation but I try to make it clear that I have someone and have no intention of pursuing anything with them but my boyfriend still gets mad at me for even replying to the guys that react and comment on my stories.

 Idk how to handle this as I can't possibly just unfollow every guy l've ever known before him too... any advice"
relationship_advice "How do I (35 F) compassionately deal with a needy friend (35 F)? Hi everyone. I've been really stressed out about a certain friendship in my life for the last few months, and I recognize that the anxiety and resentment it's causing me are not sustainable. I need advice on how I can set healthy boundaries in a compassionate way, before it builds up to the point that I react unkindly.

I am going to try and give some context, without boring you all with a huge backstory.

I've known this friend since 7th grade. We became friends because she is quirky, hilarious, and has a big personality - but the entire time I've known her the friendship has revolved around her, not me. When we were young she called the shots and I followed. We hung with the boys she liked, went to the parties she wanted to go to, shopped at the malls she preferred, I slept over at her house and she didn't come to mine. When we were kids, I was fine with this dynamic. Kids are kids.

When we were older, the dynamic became hurtful. She moved to a big city and I moved to a smaller one, and I was always expected to make the trip to her and never vice versa. The one, SINGLE time she came to my town, it was to drop off her dog so I could dog sit - she didn't even come in to see my apartment.

She doesn't drive since she spent so much time in a city that has robust public transit (no judgement  - lots of my city friends are in the same situation), but when we would hang out sometimes I would feel like I was being treated like a chauffeur. She would request to go to restaurants way out of our way, ask for rides to and from our hometown so we could both visit family on holidays even when it's super inconvenient for me, drive her and our mutual friends all around her city when I was visiting. The most egregious example was once in our early 30s we were both in our hometown on the same weekend, visiting our parents. She asked if I wanted to hang out with her and her boyfriend at the time - he had flown in from out of town to meet her mom, so he didn't have his car with him. I went to pick them up thinking we'd grab lunch or something, and I found out she made all these sight seeing plans and had me drive them around all day to tourist things while they day drank heavily (note - I had a drinking problem in my 20s so I don't drink, and at the time I was only 2 years sober...). I also have often felt like a backup plan to her. She has some very cool friends and acquaintances who are painters, musicians, or tattoo artists with money and huge followings, and she of course shows up to all of their events... but she has ditched me for those friends, last minute, so many times. Twice, she messaged me to cancel when I was already half an hour into the drive to see her and I had to turn around and head home. When I got home, I saw her posting selfies at a restaurant with her tattoo artist friends. Something else that's noteworthy is that I have made it to as many of her birthday parties as possible over the years, and she has never, not once, in over 20 years, made it to a single birthday party of mine.

Now, obviously we are friends for a reason - I've known her for a long time, and I do care about her. When we do hang out, we have a lot of fun. She is still just as quirky, hilarious, and authentically herself as ever. I also recognize that she is quite a lonely person and I have compassion for her for that reason. She has a history of very tumultuous interpersonal relationships. She's not close with her family, lost her dad in her 20s who was her rock, and a LOT of her friendships with women over the years have fallen apart so I am quite literally one of 3 female friends she has left. HOWEVER, with the way she treats me I do sometimes wonder if her interpersonal relationships are so strained because she makes other people feel the same way she makes me feel.

Backstory aside, here's the present situation. To sustain this friendship, I had to quietly downgrade it in my mind during my 30s because I was starting to feel resentment build. After the chauffeur / tourist incident, I decided - you know what? We can still be friends but I need to set some boundaries and stop saying yes to everything. I also need to stop expecting her to be different because I am just hurting myself at this point. This is how she is, this is our dynamic, and if I don't like it I don't have to go out of my way for her - we can be casual friends. I was able to quietly sent boundaries because I had long distance as an excuse. When she would ask me to drive in from out of town, I would be too busy. If she needed a ride to our hometown, her schedule didn't work for me. If I happened to be in her town? I'd call her for coffee and we'd catch up. We'd still send each other memes from time to time or chat occasionally. It was great. I have felt like our friendship has been healthier for the past 3 - 4 years.

On to the dilemma. During the pandemic, this friend had a really hard time. She lost her job she loved, took a new job in my town instead, made plans to move here with her boyfriend to be closer to work, and at literally the last minute (a week before she moved!) he dumped her and she had to move alone. Now she lives in my city, a 10 minute drive away from me, and she's alone here with no car because her fella left her and he was the one who drove. I am one of 3 people she knows here.

I feel really bad for her situation, but ever since she has been in town she has been stressing me out. We have gone from texting occasionally and seeing each other once or twice a year, to her texting me literally every single day and asking to hang out 2-3 times a week. I try to see her as much as possible because I know she must be lonely, but just like when we were young, it revolves around her and it is very, very draining. I have to go to her house, she never comes to mine. I have to drive us around. She requests to go to restaurants and places way out of town. I expressed that I am having trouble keeping up with this financially (I used to go out for dinner once every couple months, not several times a week) and that I need to take a step back from going out all the time and I could tell she was disappointed with me (texting ""awh, okay..."") because she doesn't have anyone else to go with. She has been asking me to dog sit again, coordinate my Christmas holiday with hers to visit our parents in our hometown, help her move her furniture, etc... and because we now live so close to each other, I feel obligated because I don't have the excuse of being too far away. On top of this, because she has had so many  interpersonal issues with people, she has told me in the past that she hates a certain person I hang out with, so I don't feel like I can invite her anywhere with my core group of friends in town. Yet, she is also hurt when I don't invite her to things with us.

Honestly, it's too much. I can feel my blood pressure rising even writing this. I now think about how hurt she's going to be any time I do anything without her. And every time I see her texts come in (which are daily) I can feel my anxiety spike because it's often a request for something I don't want to do.

I don't know what to do. I know she's having a hard time and I can't even imagine, so I want to be there for her. But ever since she moved to town I've been incredibly stressed out by what feels like a super demanding friendship with someone who quite frankly hasn't reciprocated any of it over the years.

I know this relationship sounds super toxic and maybe it is but I *don't* want to end our friendship. I just am not that close with her anymore and I preferred it that way. I understand with her being in town we're going to hang out more than we did before... but I want for this to be more casual like it was the past 3-4 years. I don't want to be the help you move, ride to the airport, dog sitting friend for her - I already have friends in town I do that for, and who do it for me and it feels mutually supportive. With her coming here and suddenly asking for all these things all the time, I just feel drained.

I know that the solution to this probably involves talking to her about it but I am at a loss for where to even begin. How can I set healthier boundaries with her? How can I do it *kindly*? How can I take a step back from the constant communication and being constantly accessible, and feel less beholden to be in constant touch with her? How can I make it clear that I do want to see her, but just not as often as she seems to need'?

Any advice is greatly appreciated, even hard advice I may not want to hear. I am so stressed about this that it's consuming all my energy.  


Edited for spelling errors."
relationship_advice "My (24F) brothers (24M) girlfriend (26F) of almost 3 years is on tinder I'm not on tinder but a cousin showed me a screenshot of her profile and the time stamp says it was taken Feb 9th so there no denying its recent. My cousin wasnt the one who saw her profile, she was sent the screenshot by someone else but she won't tell me who (im sure it probably another family member of our or a close family friend who has seen my bro and his girlfriend together.) My first instict is to tell him but they did meet on tinder so I'm wondering if her profile is still showing up because she never deactivated her account
And I'm not sure how I will go about if he asks me where I got the screenshot. 

Should I keep it to myself, be upfront or maybe send the screenshot anonymously thru text?"
relationship_advice "Do I send my (25F) ex (22M) a Valentine's Day text? I know how the title sounds and I think that perception is what is stopping me from just doing it, because what if I'm just embarrassing myself?

I would say we're not like most exes though in that we broke up (10 days ago) because he's been too busy with work (working 10am-5am almost everyday) and didn't have time for a girlfriend, not because we fell out of love or had a fight. He made it clear he knew I deserved better and right now he's not able to give me what I need but would definitely be open to trying again when he has more time. I agree I was feeling neglected and probably would have pulled the plug on the relationship if he hadn't first.

We agreed to stay friends ""as much as he is in contact with his friends"" (his words) aka not very much because he doesn't have time. We haven't spoken since the breakup. I plan to keep my options open in the meantime in case someone else comes along but I'm also okay with waiting a few years for him because he's worth it.

Yes, his work situation is abusive. His mental health was doing terribly but he isn't 'able' to leave due to feeling like he has to stay for the future of his career (he's a first year IB analyst).

So...do I send the text?"
relationship_advice "How do I (30M) prevent myself from cheating on my girlfriend (30F)? I met a girl 2 months back, we dated for a while, and now we're in a relationship. I like her enough to think that I might marry her. However, sometimes when I see an attractive girl, I start to second guess and keep thinking about the new girl. It makes me wonder and worry that I might cheat on my girlfriend at some point. 
I understand that anyone can feel attracted towards other gender, but how do you prevent yourself from acting on such thoughts?"
relationship_advice "More details in comments - my wife(F28) has been digging through my(M30) phone middle of the night lately, and last night she added ""Find My"" tracking between us. She gets pretty argumentative but I feel we need to talk about this, how do I do so without the situation blowing up?  Lately, my wife has been getting up in the middle of the night to grab   my phone and go through it. I don't do anything or have anything to   hide, but her sudden desire to snoop thinking I don't know is   bothersome. She has my passcodes and can use my phone anytime she wants,   but chooses to do so when I'm sleeping. Last night, she added ""find  my""  tracking between us. I work from home. My company has once a year   retreats, which she's welcome to go to but always declines. The only   other time I tend to leave anywhere without her is with my brother in   law to the gym. Any other time I'm out I'm generally always with her, so   I don't understand her sudden need to track my location. She knows   where I am. It's getting increasingly frustrating. The first night she   decided to go through my phone, she woke me up at 1am because of some   (admittedly stupid) memes. Memes. Not porn, not cheating, not anything   but simply memes. I get shit sleep as it is, so this spouted an   argument. Particularly, W T F are you waking me up on a work night,   knowing I don't sleep well already, to yell at me for memes. She doesn't   work, she's been out of work for over a year. I've asked her numerous   times to look into school, or just...do something. For most of the time   off she's been on her phone, laying in bed, occasionally getting out.  At  first it was understandable, she's been working on mental health,  but  as that's improved, she still hasn't bothered looking into school  or  finding more work. She's found a new hobby in reading books, which  is  great, but they're all fantasy novel, love story, horror, murder  mystery  type books and nothing for learning, self improvement, or  anything to  just improve herself in some form or other, and in my mind,  while  reading is great, these are all simply just entertainment, much  like  staring at a phone screen all day. I work two jobs simultaneously  to  help make up for her being out of work. I am for the most part  fairly  homebound and this random urge of hers to begin investigating my   activities is only adding to my stress. I don't know how to have a  calm  conversation with her, because I know that simply bringing it up  will  set her off."
relationship_advice "I (24F) am having a horrible time trusting and being affectionate with my amazing partner (24M) of 10 months, for no reason! I (24F) have been with my boyfriend (24M) for 10 months now. We both have depression and major anxiety disorders. Whenever we are both doing fine in our heads or whenever I’m doing fine in my head, the relationship feels great! BUT, for the past 2 months, I’ve been really struggling with trust in the relationship. 

I can’t seem to believe when he tells me he wants to be with me despite all my issues, I don’t wanna believe him when he tells me I’m beautiful. I can’t trust that he loves me despite my anxiety. Especially because he has mental health issues as well and sometimes seems distant when I get anxious.

For context, he got out of a 6 year long relationship before we met and everytime he talks about his ex and memories with her or what she liked, I freeze up. I feel like our relationship can never match up to theirs because of how anxious I can get. 

I hate that in my anxiety, I have no thoughts in my head and I have nothing to say. I feel less affectionate and more distant.
More context, I’ve been cheated on by multiple partners and been called fat and ugly before. I’ve gone through a lot of abuse in my family as well so I never felt loved or secure.

Do any of you feel like that? What do you do to cope with this horrible feeling?

P.S. I am in therapy"
relationship_advice "Am I (32f) Overreacting To My Husband (33M) Misspelling My Name? My husband and I have been together for 10 years (5 dating, 2 engaged, 3 married). We haven't always had the smoothest relationship; we are opposites in many areas of life, and as expected that can cause tension. However, when it comes down to it, we always choose each other and our relationship as our most valued priority.

One aspect of our relationship that I struggle with the most is constantly telling my husband what to do. I do NOT like this; my husband is anxious and constantly comes to me to make a decision on literally everything, from the most minor topics to the biggest and most complex. As an example: I, alone, am 'in charge' of our finances (paying bills all the way through savings plans and retirement strategies), which is complex to manage for one person let alone two. I also need to tell my husband to get the mail from our mailbox, and tell him to open it - he will literally just get the mail when told and plop it on the table. 

Over the years I've learned that I need to tell him what I want in terms of gifts for the holidays, which isn't completely terrible, as I usually get something that I've wanted. For Valentine's Day this year I told him I wanted candy, a card and some flowers. He was so excited this morning when I came downstairs, and I was too. Except when I went to open my card, I realized he spelled my middle name wrong. 

It's my name. We've been together for ten years. I was really hurt when I saw this, and that hurt ruined the rest of my valentine's day gifts for me. My husband asked what was wrong, I let him know he spelled my name wrong, and he said ""I see I've failed again in your eyes,"" almost making me feel guilty for bringing it up. But...it's my name. I don't know how to let go of this or even if I should. It's just one more 'little thing' that makes me feel like I'm not valued or seen.

I am not sure how to approach this with him. I don't want to have to tell him what to do, step by step, to fix it, I'm not even sure what he can do?"
